You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more reading in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can wear you as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic is generally something that you fell to you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boltrming.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, at Stanford, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten up every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when he was allowed to enter the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
And for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call of that teacher -- Progress Progress he said, "I need to see you.
I am disillusioned that adults never come to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to bet with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clauding.
We went to see, we laughed back, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we intervened it, and we took care of it, and we commissioned her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me, became a child box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed down, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I talked to you was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the one.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first tastes.
I was amazed.
My heart happens, I was able to understand what was standing in front of me.
The templates to me around the water are almost 60 feet of water, and I couldn't even think that it was a little snow of snow on another snow of snow after year.
The televisions are born when they wake up from glaciers or break the ice barriers apart.
Every single iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to get away and they cling to the end, while others can't support them more and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a tank, that are self-destructive isolated and alone, in large measure as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is the opposite.
As you melt a tank, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As you melt a eardrum releases water fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh water.
I'm going to photograph these templates as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are such a way and won't exist again.
It's not death when they deliver -- it's not an end, but a continuation of their way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a testime I photographed in Kepler, Greenland.
It's little frequent to come really to press a round tunnel.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It measures about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll down, the boat has moved towards the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a tentain of Greenland from average size.
It comes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a birthday. Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop in the details of conception, because if you stop to think about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the flight X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is joined by the X chromosome.
Both of them are present and started living life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my solar activity, I will fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training history and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- I mean, human and animal bodies -- how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body -- what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I want to do in my work is an activist, as a patient defense or, as I say sometimes impossible of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with season twins, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with environmentalists, much lower than average.
And I've been working with many cases of people with altering sex, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit in male schools and conventional female schools.
In general lines, we can call it intelligent.
Instead of interview adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that is not scanned in male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with Bassem creative X-ray whose SRI gene of chromosome and tells the proteins, we all have in the physical life, which become tests.
And then, in the physical life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks testing receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the insulin syndrome to the helicopters.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body developed following a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a child. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the bears, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing that, they realize that instead of having obesity and top, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have something called superconductors supply.
They're in the back of the body.
Super-constructing glands produce antibiotics, the hormone of magic.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- he doesn't know their creative structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the helicopters.
We produce antibiotics and we respond to the supplies.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed to the anniversary than the woman who was born with testicles that have the industrial insulin installation syndrome.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that interfaces are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
A few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a variable -- I had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, I took a life as a boy and just discovered that I had sheep and the top.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a conventional superconductor hyperbolic.
He had 2000s and the supermarket glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genius were male-agedling, their brain was exposed to the top male component of the motorcycle.
I was born with a little boy, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started having a medical problem caused by internal message, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with the 20th chromosome develop what they know as obeyonesters, which is to say, they have organic tissue wrapped into textile tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies --  -- are every single sense, the seasonal twins or the international surgery -- they add to normal surgeries not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you add to several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity -- allegedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people inside one body.
The most recent case is last year with the South African corridor, the South Selam come up with his sex at the International The Buttons of Berlin in Berlin in Berlin in Berlin County.
A lot of journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine if Costa Seyment is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a line between men and women or among men and international men and women and international and international people, we are us who we draw that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more it advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- which we thought were stable anatomic categories that correlate directly with stable identical categories -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
In terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows the terms.
As we see, we get in a stranger terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do in the fact that we will be able to differentiate from them in just a few nuclear nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the bees of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human, and it has different rights to the females.
There are very active discussions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within medicine -- about when somebody considers death.
Our ancestors never had to sell them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of it put a pen in front of the nose, and if you moved it still, you didn't understand it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma of really determining somebody's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
So in politics I'm a progressive, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
And to consider that these categories are much more unstable.
Think from the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a fantastic fervent of the Paris Foundation.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and supported and so radical in what they did, that I find each other so much looking at that music, course "mass" and not for music, which is totally passionate.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the Foundation Foundation.
The Foundation Foundation was, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explain why.
What they rejected was an academic concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what you rejected our founding parents was the idea of mountainty. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The monkeys of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power by the blood right of blood transmitted from grandfather and then the son, etc.
The parents founded that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not anatomic differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And partly they were doing it because they were a part of a sealed system in which two things were happening.
It was kissing democracy and at the same time it was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were dealing with the supernatural explanation, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were transforming us the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years next?
And women were currently.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people of the California Trick, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, the people of color who fought the academic coincidence on the anatomy, and again, they worked.
We see the same with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should be laughing at the anatomy.
I don't mean that in five years they were allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense to me and I think we should maintain it.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings conceived at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of these conceived by 1970s exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- October 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of the 1980s.
For the only fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed all three months before Marily -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other faces in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered man now is the positive of the mandatory rainforest that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on the part doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So you still look at academic categories that are in many ways and transportation and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based democracy could be driven?
I don't want to give you the science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escaping us.
Where do we go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude," "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman you have to have cracks.
Now, in practice, they don't make common tests to people.
But this also is very strange to the story that I told you at the beginning of the insulin syndrome to the helicopters.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I made a solution to the drug offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of your character?
I want to also point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to give them rights to people, because I have to admit that I know from some of some people to retreat that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some collaborators that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content, right?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance resistance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still pushing this current thinking stream into the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iranian where a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to join a sex change, in which case it allows him to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon with which I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that I had been giving light twins to get them apart, and then to get their fame.
But when the phone asked him the reason of the operation -- was a very risky operation, he said that in that other country, these kids would be very massive and therefore had to do it.
I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum.
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people who are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end out, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomic techniques, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the tribal studies is that women, average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So when I was in the graduate one, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminist -- I was considered feminist -- as now -- he made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist of feminist."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with drawing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I've thought about your question, the more I have seemed like there's something female about feminist.
I mean, there might be something on average, which could be different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very reluctant to find the way they protect people from the state, it is possible that, from having injection more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the support of recovery.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anticipation, think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where each family wants to go to live and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens -- maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half the people who would want to live in apartment are already operations and the other half would still fail to achieve it.
They could try to increase the ability to make expansion in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem they would face is that those buildings and areas surrounding them have rules to avoid the Molas and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to make all those expansions.
But they could go to a totally new place, build a totally new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments created new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name, cities.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Hollywood.
They knew that every year about 75,000 husbands would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask, what could they do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hongly went through a destinatal constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pepsi Lob was implicated with a platform in which he promised reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a TED talk.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a large amount of tests with users tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current analysis residents.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it needs so much of technologies to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala, sent him to October a link with TEDTalk.
I showed you Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's show this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the land value in a place like New York -- thinking that, in some cases, thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the TEDTalk video.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city city is a place where it starts with influenced terrain strength, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Hongowhere called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our advanced country.
He asked me to go to Tamiflu and talk again about four and five in January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denercoint, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dener.
This airport only covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the husbands that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody was confirmed around the world.
The audience faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the TED Talk.
I have it here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could go to in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Hollywood government would need to help us of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the system, so that everybody could trust that the status effectively turned out.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily run about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to send their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow to create these special development regions.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in the Congress is about 124 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, they backed it.
To include the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17 of February was approved again in another vote, from 114 to one.
Immediately after the vote, 21 to 24 of February, a deliberation of 30 husbands went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in South Korea, is bigger than the Boston center.
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the time it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow its Court Court to be the latest institution for this new judicial system.
There are urban urban structures and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has already solved is that they have a good number of possibilities.
There are many companies that wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately to another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to get a job -- sometimes they're a single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet with their parents you haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to be thinking about building a new city in Hollywood?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED."
I'm Jesse and this is my water.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that I live obsessed with the shoes.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suit, colorful and different from each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of thumb and second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my graphic in the environment and in my bill.
I come to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it becomes my personal search search.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Will it be my room?
Would I like the color.
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel like I've won.
Going back to the theme of my water, I want to tell you what I took for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring somebody who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of clothes, nothing else.
Roll in a week is all I've put in my water.
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I would like to use after getting here to Palm Spinals.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in indoor clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Isn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost always see you for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lonelines: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars is survival.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself, and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround you from the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Mills: Guard of the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that they seem to play the descriptions, or I remind you to their seven year-old time.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Just: The trust is key.
If you think you look good at something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't notice you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Years: a universal truth six words for you: The golden lions go with everything.
And finally, social: develop a personal style, and only is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little back.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to remind you emotionally to these things, because at the top of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and I search for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the altitude of every hemisphere of every hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely local.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would you get your brain on this scale?
Some of them would smell for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the interviews in this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which is just like most other experimental physical physicists, we need quite logical to fit these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We can play with them and then we see how they react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
So some intuition that you can have developed over the years is that one thing can be only in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that the playing bar with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow transportation, and they remain in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars and play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
And at that point I found the physics a few years ago -- you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then it shouldn't be all of the principles of quantum mechanical?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why it was a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see has been in a quantum mechanical surface.
What we see here is a small computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a very good approach to the small metal tax.
What we see is a little piece of metal, with a concrete form and that sustainable in a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this radio building that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supercompation, but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up in order to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel of the introductive objects are not just people, it's also the light that helped it and the wind that passes on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to get all the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree by the absolute zero.
Now, by being just in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measure their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly picked, I was virtually, and the way it was vibrating was like a breath in this form -- as a force that expanded and contract.
And by giving it a soft show, we were able to make it a little bit of the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one of the things that is going to mean is that one of the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trials of atoms that make that piece of metal are sticked and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's just at certain instant points when those are allowed.
In the rest of the time they're detailed.
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all of the piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
He was worth getting into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not do you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was detected in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn out the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition apparently all of the objects in the elevator actually only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the profound feature of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amyth.
And 18 months ago I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
Good education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and art work.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the demo for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've been carrying from their launch.
So, just let's go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Gulf Galapago, the Moman, the Microsoft, the Risk, the Van Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, the Metropolitan art museum in New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click on, and payment: we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where you are, Bombay, or Mexico, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We open up the plane on the top, and with one click, we jumped in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They get diverse."
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Peter Redwood cartoons in Metrophy.
I see the sign C.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the gift technology.
So this picture, for example, is -- I think, about 10 million percent.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 percent?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 percent permanent.
It can make it very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wish to depend.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "Wait a moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that kids were actually playing something to something.
I was talking a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan -- and I actually discovered that this is a game called an amazing game, which is to hit an eye with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and see that you can actually get even the richers.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the picture, so you can really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is for coming, a second.
So now we're going quickly to jump into the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The Star night.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how Van Gody actually created this master work?
I increase it and it really does it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the regrets.
This is the night startups -- I think I'd never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called Collections."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that gives the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I have created this function I call "The Power of The Boomer As "Well -- we just made a zoo around.
It's about "The Mandelas at the National Gallery in London.
You can record things, send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces of you.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all of the incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even they don't come from museums either.
Maybe it shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its work of art, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question to me today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think about it is a piece, a flying piece.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting has happened in Formula 1 careers one in the last two decades.
It was a long time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of formula one, you take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called real control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an action.
The interesting thing is that the real control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're turning computers into the free air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and active.
All the cities are big.
As a note I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detection and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Pantheon Antarctic for the end of MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Tate Yeah!
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and activists.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Miguel London.
You know, when Michelangelo scanned the Moses -- it was said that the end took the hammer, and I brought it to the Moses --  -- you can still see a little meter underneath -- and he said screaming, "Listen to the pink? Why don't you talk about it.
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and the Chicago end gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colline in the middle and the Times River.
It's the morning, before play.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here and there doing calls -- moving around.
It starts the party, silence.
Goliath de France. Gulf of Italy.
Interpreter -- people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regulation time.
First extra time -- second.
Zealand, and at a moment, the head.
gained Italy, yeah!
That night everyone went to celebrate it in the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day everyone went into the center to the meeting of the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachusetts where, from the romantic time, people will celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the city pulse can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do only a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but of things we use and consume it.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they assemble them.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in its device by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago -- to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them would throw away.
And then we put a little chip in a little chip -- a tag, to the garbage and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
This is from Seattle.
After a week.
So with this information, we realized that there are many implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
There are complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that we shrink doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on one day still is still there.
If we showed that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Associate Bernan, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zack ...
It started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a chaos and the valves of solidarity, the soldiers that open open and shut down.
It's believed as a coast of water, with water pixels of water.
If you fall the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bellow mayor of the Belton.
He liked a lot.
And it takes a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Experiment.
We call it Digital Water Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you're approaching it opens up so that you can go through.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the satellites, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
And that day there will always be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "Do the building."
No, it's not that they have democrated it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not get wet.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All Zack kids came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that kept making slices and water holes, and you had to jump to not get wet.
(Normal noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is an image of the building with the physical pixels, the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, that moves with others in sync of it.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, in which what changes is light, not the position of the pixels that changes.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear on different scales and sizes.
And that then all of that could be a 3D pixel cloud that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very different angle.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light comes up, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boltz -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the Mexico star in New York and Millennium School, to capture their 3D movements and use them as an input for Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
You can rebuild the whole movement.
You can run the whole way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and romantic.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- just like a cloud of cloud -- like the big crime, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody give a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want us to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How to move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're picking.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered pieces.
You can move around inside, have different experiences.
You can see it from below, it can serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe from themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you most like it?
What would you like if you could choose something?
Audience: Creativity."
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
The few, it was probably due to the amount of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would you choose the memory?
Some more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
What about longevity?
Oh, the majority. That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or is maybe possible?
Evolution has been a person here at the TED Conference here, but today I want to give you the look of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century -- TED. Document, who was also in the Oscar of Russian Organic, wrote a trial called "No biology is safe to the light of Evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Does others mean or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well on an end, it's clear, of course, the one that interests us.
We go from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
On the inside, there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of home.
Some of them have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, remote individuals, which comes out of the pancreas coming out of the pancreas that comes out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all carry in the most bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damasum raises the self-interest -- they think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, hair, it's very adoption.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that they can want without effort from their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional interaction of some force for the output.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help to digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief companies, the animal kingdom, as a single and only companies -- and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the trained part of this talk, so I hope you have enjoyed it.
When I was in college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that comes on the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to trust you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sexy, sexual, death per sex -- seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was happening, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns, which was still acting in Las Vegas well in his 90s,
And one night somebody hit their hotel door one.
He opens the door.
In front of him you find a magnificent little dance of clothes.
He looks at it and he says, "I come for a sex safe."
"All right, say, George, I choose the shoe."
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation -- adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like shelter rockets designed to send the genetic load into the next orbital level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling of Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying.
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the terrifying bacteria that can survive the heat of the forces that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked in the vacuum, yet they've managed to do that an analytical environment.
So what this means is, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been described and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confused our environment so that we adapt to ourselves as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we collapsed, and we engage so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that it produces the evolution of traditional type, natural by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be that the gears of evolution roll down, but they're inaritated.
And in the isolation of isolation -- when as a species we collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce natural evolution.
But there is a third possibility -- attractive possibility, intriguing and frightening.
The so-called negative, new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more vessels than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is elected at the individual and family level.
Think also that if you were possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your department, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the postered?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demand.
It cost 2.3 million dollars.
The next year of having done, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a nearby cost to the 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to take a lot for you to do the human genome for 1,000 and be more and more to the scope of all.
Those changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe or not there is an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing influence in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good out of the stranded?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes."
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your decision?
And if you could change the sperm and the flights, or to change the flight of the movie, and give your children a better opportunity of a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, remove the metabolism, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any healthier children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt spectacular spreadsheets, a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Water machine.
Why not have a faster contact muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irrediction.
And when we are in conditions of spending this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted the evolution of before in negative.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it at 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have for them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust, and more vertically?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound of all, we're going to be able to develop wisdom.
By good or for evil, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 300 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making clean, cleaned, clear.
Clear, click, click, clean. It sounds land.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 1950.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight stations.
So immediately, I looked at them, and they said, "There is no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined up with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the road.
I took the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words ...
The three most disappeared words I've ever heard.
He said, "Prevent for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror. Life was gone.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come and I didn't do, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
While I thought about that further, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collection wine complaints."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that organization, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were pushing the George Washington Bridge that was not a lot of -- I thought about it, woman, I really feel a big ride.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes. I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave place to my ego.
And I regret the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I've had no fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I'm no longer trying to be right.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock is going to sit, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water apart.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those papers.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of water, wood, dying is not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was sent in a single thought, which is just one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  And scream. I cried.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood -- by connecting those two points, the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
All over all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was given a miracle of not dying that day.
And I was focused on another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and going back and live in a different way.
You are flying today, the challenges to imagine that you can imagine the same thing on your plane -- and please not be so -- but imagine and how would you change?
What are you going to do, you still expect to do because you think you're going to live forever for you?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are they the best parents who can get?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graffiti graphics in the '80s.
One day he got to her house after he ran down, and he said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDTalks has a total paradigm.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced in me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony and TEDTalk, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that I saw Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you can be important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "Colony and the Barrow?
They communicate in that way -- they go to the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I presented myself with the desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a cocktail that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment: Tony is going to speak -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their inner cannot be communicated."
So I talked at a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Grey Graphic Lab -- that they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser dot, they draw on that and they register the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that show up, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the Bush attacks and ultimately, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much moving things back on one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDTalks could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking from Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And, seriously, it's the most fun. I call it South because talking to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- just all of all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the children and I, we moved to the garage of back and these hackers and programmers and conflicts and artists took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we came back to have taken out the frames of the walls and in their place it would have gradual.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the Venezuela Sea, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Elusion "Committee: No story and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of shell garden glasses that we bought on the Mars Beach market -- some copper wire and things from Homo Department and Radio Shatel.
We take a PDF camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish free code -- the software is low in free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say, "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is someone else's room and that's his room.
There was all this biological and red during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense state sessions at night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking wall outside the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and he would imagine what was the feeling of the parking feeling.
The funny thing was that we had to break in parking and so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and somebody finally came to rescue me, and I would pull out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to walk with this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what I just closed the circle -- is that in April this year at the McDonald McDonald center in Los Angeles, there is going to be an exhibition called Art in the Streets."
And Art in the Streets is going to have the best explorers of urban urban art, Santer Fake, Cassinis -- all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you look at something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of the things that there are in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the scale, nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with ocean recognition technology, I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us every day when we find something that we have to do. If it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, who are you?
Thank you guys.
And I've spent the last few years being involved in generally very difficult situations.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine.
He filmed in zones of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving myself in horrible appearance situations with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that are actually attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they look trained and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some may have heard about it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a bird in Europe.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
And what was the following: "Hey State NASA is: My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and according to content could explode in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company doing it.
But I said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress, by the way.
So even with that saving I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you a little bit of certain.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something so difficult or so dangerous how to enter the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Supercleme," I want to make a film that deals with the position of products, marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with a position of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The largest movie ever selling.
What happens in "The biggest film ever selling soldiers is that everything from top on the bottom, in the beginning in the end, has images of brand, all the time, from the uncertain that appears before the title, the X brand, the X-ray.
Now this brand, Muslim Stature, the Center Center.
These people are going to be associated with the film for perspective.
And so the film explores all this idea. Michael Kamen: Is it what? (Music: "Hey, that's reduced." Is it a reduction: Percent forever."
I'm a redundant penguin. (Music: I just say, I was more by taken.
It was "Percent." It was all."
But we're not just going to have the X brand pattern in the title but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure we have all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you have used it.
The most cool car that you've been driving in "The largest movie ever selling, the best show you ever drink, the biggest show you ever drink, the largest film you ever sell?
Gandhi Kitchen: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them finance the film film? (CA: To fund the film film." MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, the whole film of beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps to make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guy: However, I don't know how it receives people to that.
JS: You have a perspective. I don't know if it is some negative -- but you know how it's going to replace? (CA: No idea. David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million. DP: Very good. John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big shoes.
HC: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, we see ourselves as a lot of joyful identities.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudden: Most answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: That means you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay.) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah. (Makes: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (CA: Good. Turn it off.
MS: I thought it said "my camera meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
The camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one for one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought the concept of advertising, it was to present the product to as many people as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media stage and secret media stage is not the idea to count with that new worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a fat mistake, and that error was this.
Actually, there was no such mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google --   -- this is one of the first images that came up.
I like your way, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understood, which is characterized by the visibility or acceleration of information, especially in business practices, being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it's about making it reality, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps playing.
It's preference.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is risky?
Take a whole bunch of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is staring at me as I used to do it, like, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that only because I knew John Bond and Richard Kirabi in many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to remove the internal and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to do suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to talk about companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big, huge, giant movies and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant Hollywood movies say the reason that their films are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, Hollywood movies.
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever selling.
How are we going to see specifically in the movie special?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Bang design.
At any point during a interview with someone I can say, "Are you good cool for this interview in this interview.
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there is one of these fabulous arms.
Both Florida Florida as "Sandwich Venters are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as well as for woman, solid -- soldier, ball, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer their questions and give them a postered look.
Karen Frank," we are a small brand.
Similarly, the smallest kind of movies that you did -- we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So do things like that, you know, remember Brenda to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
They're in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits, you know.
Man: We talked about something bold -- freezing it out.
I think French is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "malaria and surgeon."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep you a little bit more fresh? With better frustration, more frustrating, three times fresh.
Things like those who get the benefits out.
MS: And that's a multi-pollen company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the common Pepsi.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your shoe?
Man: Mmm, my shoe?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: It will revive the 1980s, paralyzed performance unless it is dance to wash.
MS: All right, what is Green brand, right?
Germany: Something unique. (CA: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have to be like a dark glamour."
I like a lot of dark colors, so many gray colors and things like that.
Usually I take access to sunshire boxes, or I like the crystals and the similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be classic consumer, Mercedes Ben.
Man 2: The brand I'm going to call the called flight fly."
Woman 2: In part hospital, partly YouTube, in part of Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of massage.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I deliver the market.
Man 5: So the learned labor failure.
Is that something?
And I am a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often care about the interconnection of dark glamorous and called called called called."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality."
And I found a company called Alan Zapabi on Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newton, February, Malaya to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
And Abubanic -- you have the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photograph.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originated and start in a place and in my case they originated and start in my family in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is, "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why that makes us see that?
What's the machine? Where do you find you now?
Why is it important to reinvent? What does the red do?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolism have you have?
It doesn't have fear. What kind of roommated mountain are you?
MS: Hey." (Bay," thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (CA: Good job. A: Yes. (CA: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linuiste Zapabin: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complicated in your brand personality -- the Mars Shakespeare brand is a contamination brand.
They get very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid things that are not safe. They avoid fear, those elements and you actually get married and make them become a positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic one, Apple first.
And you can also see Tamaro, Wiki, Minner of Minner Colleagues and Blueto.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a local brand is quite powerful.
MS: A local brand. What's your brand?
If somebody asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an attacked attractive? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more well an attacked attack?
A little bit more called called research, research, conservative.
And the accessible attributes are like being a playful to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary -- adventure, airport or bold like Errewad Philip, rapid or glass, professional, dominant, magic or mystic like Galai.
Or are you more away from detectively attacked?
Are you conscious -- sophisticated like 1977?
Are you started, traditional provided, protectionally, protection?
Are you really, stable, familiar, familiar, safe, sacred or sad, or known, like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this movie, we had more than 500 companies, and accelerated and descendants who said, "No."
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we come to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing and forest.
We went to San Paulo.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no called, there are no posters, no flights, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The incredible thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've been more successful are those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the internalies off, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to be thinking about people who are going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you been left? Did you succeed.
Well, since the movie is going on in the Fertrect Fent, let's take a look.
According to Burbarian the movie in January -- and since then, -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million implications in the media for this film.
This covers only a couple of weeks and a half weeks.
That's only online -- no press -- no TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in silk.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talk about was their customers not being part of it.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks that are in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you're pushing them to failure.
I think that when you train your employees in the risk to the risk, it's preparing your entire company to lack rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of opportunities that can be used to them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From one grade at the time, we have to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we have to help transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "and "The Transparency has been presented by my good friends from CMU who by 7.7 people bought the rights of the name in Egypt.
EM: turning great data into big opportunities for companies around the world.
CMU says, "We are getting the transparency."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So Morgows, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those $1?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a champion in the name of the TED matrix, the Salari Foundation, a check per $1.10 to be applied to my TED care for the next year.
The idea behind the Steven computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the United States extracting plant.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and tubes. We can cause a lot of problems with the center.
gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stholland.
We started with a Windows facility.
The oil goes into the gray box, damage the center, and the nuclear program Iranian is demonstrated, it was superior mission.
It's easy, it?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research on Stholland six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Windows: the facility used multiple data vulnerability.
It seemed to be able to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Sthbol, and we saw what happened with this.
Then very strange things happened.
Steven behaves as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he waves, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense to me.
And after experiment with different cheese sensors, I realized, and I thought, "This is a targeted attack.
It's completely drive?
The facility is looking at actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
No, Strange does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the target.
So we went through and we broke the attack, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I can attack.
You probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Starbuck installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you -- the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old standard language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at temperatures and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need theories about district that we can learn or design.
To get to theories about objective theory, we remember that it's definitely a violent sabotage -- it must be a valuable white white, and it's certainly located in Iran, because most infections have been reported.
They don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the Bush power plant from Bush and the National Democratic plant.
So I said to my assistant, "Let me a list of all the experts in the contractors and the energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I told them in an effort to put their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital oil with the robot control.
The robot is that cell part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly break it and even make the contract explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to return to the nest maintenance engineers.
We tried to figure out the big digital oil looking very close to data and their structures.
So, for example, number 164 superintes in that code, you can't forget it.
I started investigating scientific literature about how these forces are built in National and found that they're structured in what is called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 164 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These forces in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code of attack?
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had among hands.
To have no manipulation: it wasn't like this.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in spaces and we had to start again.
Yet, we found that both digital birds put one and a goal, but from different angle.
The small oil is taking a waterfall and making the robots turn and take them up, and the big oil communicates with six cards and manipulating values.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the disabled distance.
It's Nature, and it's just Nature.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are reached by Stholland.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and up you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of the sensors for example, from the pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false entry data.
And believe it or not, this fake entry data is written by Stholland.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds from preventable video.
Is it great there?
The idea here is obviously not only going to look at the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and agriculture.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines are happening, you have to open up space valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator, obviously.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, they can get bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generous.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centers, with uniform extraction.
It could also work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generous.
And you don't have -- as anticoptic -- that you can tell this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Starbuck.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
Tell them the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a little bit of a massive destruction of mass destruction.
That's the consequence that we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks are not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been public in many sides that people assume that the Most is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lengua: Okay, really you want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Most is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber superconductor.
There's one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately enough.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Rapaboline.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you sovereign skills, or another one that makes users out of wheelchair and go back and walk.
In Berkeley Bibles, we call these robots, exoskeletons.
It's nothing different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a big force, which also increases its speed, and helps it, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not just that -- can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign ones.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start to talk about the American soldier that, in average, you have to take on your back of a load of 45 pounds, and you're demanding to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to adopt this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the matter.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or Port Human Carls.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Your flexible design allows you to put in cells to drag up and run movements with great aging.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Ethan Benjamin, we're ready, with our industrial society, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the wheelchair users about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people on it, in wheelchair chairs, around the world.
One percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens in frequency -- very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when they start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that agiles it rapidly quickly.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been this over the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Ellegar that is using Amanda Boto-size who 19 years ago had an injury in the spine column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Botograde: Thank you.
EB: Amazon is using our Ellegar, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crowds that send signals to the board computer, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give power to engines in the hip. And in the knees and they make it progress with this soft and very natural path.
AB: I was 24 in the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, sticking down it was paralyzed by it.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and every movement of the films down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amanda, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my being.
Adaptable technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to delicate the bottom of school, climb rocks and even ride in the hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda and to all the wheelchair users of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the cat, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Man Arabic or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, living about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, territory society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes, by the district.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty -- but also the heart of territory itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been used for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo, too.
The hunting trade and deforestation make you not be able to fill a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these prisoners?
We know them as the apes make love, not war, because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual to manage conflicts and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity since the bond of the Bonobos is more than the Karah Surfar.
Bonobos like humans, love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to them.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots of the laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild medium.
First of all, it's a blood style game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it has taken off the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves him, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common so much in bonobos and in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like the tests, and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is political.
The game is policy, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more confident, imagination, curious. Maybe the place where the awe of wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Futurine, a young female, who is playing with water.
I think that, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us about our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a harder increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation of adaptation.
To adapt to a successful world we have to play.
But will we leverage the maximum of our game capacity.
The game is not frustrating.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike.
When it looks like the least appropriate thing to play, they can be the moments that are the most urgent thing.
So for that, primates primate, we accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
New York in New York is responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I ate fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers make a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the side of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still, there was a race to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was focused on a conversation with the property that was certainly one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside the rain, under a paradox, in sheet, shoot, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I had just arrived before I did, we called it Lethal Luther --  came first to the captain and asked him to go into and save the dog owner dog.
The dog -- I was so string."
There was a lawyer or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in a call to save a living person, just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an administration.
He said, "Bay, I need to come home.
I need it to go up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that that height more or less had finished the fire and walked into the main room looking for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my burden back through the staircase where I met my numbers and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We took out from the house to the house owner where, as I wanted to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the home owner of the house being grateful for the brave effort to save his house.
The kindness that she observed about the other was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
Both in my vote in Robin House and my vote as a volunteer firemen I'm witness of an acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved it, or they're going to do, remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If they have something to give.
They serve food in a dining dining card, clean a neighborhood park.
They are mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So they train the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beaches: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks made in 1889 with a very simple idea: compared to a measure of fear that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges or a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LGBT came up with this.
He was called an automatic statement rainforest.
And in a few years, the LGBT bricks.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block -- the face in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to admire -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick streams around each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block -- the transistor allows us to create a lot bigger and more complex, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Litchers.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Litches are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get together.
So you can't put it wrong.
Nations have a color code.
The green is the room, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with green and very quickly, you can start to make bigger circumstances.
A blue with a green one produces light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse module that's here, and now we have an intelligent light.
We added this algae to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Littles are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, Little pictures allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make paralyze faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Litchur is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to come down to bricks ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given kids to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of a elevator becomes open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Little Pickles to design schools.
So, for example, the designers without any expertise in electronics start playing with Littles as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and failure, we have George creating it.

Here's an example of a project that they have done, an active conference canyon.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a laughter made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Little Lithi-a-hours became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So Little Littlers has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can make a little bit of a charge in charge.
We can -- we can continue better leave the video on a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
solar technology is ...
Oh, I mean, is the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to stop in the government.
The initiative was called "Cool for America and they would be like a Peace Country for techniques.
So we selected some members every year and we put them to work with the music.
Instead of sending them to the Third World Salan, we sent them into the wild world.
They made great apps, they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Alex.
This is a city in Boston City.
Here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what you really look for is that someone reads it when it gets caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good enough when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he ever ask the help of this solidary way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of Code for America."
They were there in February, and at that time it was a lot of time last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hydrogens.
But one of the members named Erik Michael noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it up when it snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't, somebody can steal it.
You know, it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does it.
And it extends in a viral form.
A response of systems from the city of Honor when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt television systems.
It's very important that these tsunami facilities work, but people steal the battery.
That's why you ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the strangers that were striked down.
And Chicago just launch it to get people to register to clean sidewalks when snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friends, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know that this is not normally happening.
Software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us to have done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the collective power of California that until the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in a viral form is a kind of addition to the institution of government.
It suggests government better ways to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
That is, without restrictions in the open form and generalization.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way we tackle the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an analyzed institution, but as a problem of collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Coke for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic apps every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given with the government.
They feel a big frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row in the Dime Red Attachia -- and all those other things that make us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim Olympic -- what we do together because we only can't can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government ultimately emanating -- remember that from us, the people? The way we think about it will affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to get charges.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially the ranges.
This is the telephone care center of services and information.
It's the place that hits the so-called 1130 in America.
Scott took this call.
The "rate of "Ashaming" in the official knowledge base.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the door of the house, put a good music and see if it's going?
And it worked. So by Scott well.
But that wasn't the end of the radio.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone, called Circles Condom.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people from the Office of University of Bureau in Boston.
One day, this really happened to be this question: "Samer in my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that to take it off?
The dynamics of "Companies Connecticut is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Circles Connecticut everything is public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zappine? Yes. Live? Yes.
I gave the cube back. I went home.
Good night, sweet sandwich."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the conflict of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people will be abused and help others.
So, one citizen helped another but here the government had a key paper."
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animals control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the input of the other.
That our input to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect government to reflect our values and satisfaction our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That is because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
That's what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt. What keeps us out of that that belongs to us as something that operates in our against -- that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the Second Security of Valley -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activist.
And for those of us who have been resistant to government, it's time that we wonder what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't predict government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink government function so that it can expand for civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and it knows that it's not so hard to act in a manifestation, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost by granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about who is going to speak -- they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do it.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care much to be able to hear their voices.
They're using their hands.
They put hands to the work to program apps that make it work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, taking the weeds away, dumping a garbage cube that has a battle inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogens and a lot of people doing it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not only consumers -- we're not just government consumers that we pay tax and get services.
We are more than that, we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and in the edge of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And it's going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus stories have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's carbonate, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family, dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong. I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the dictionaries in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1853.
She was born about the 1880s and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but he was also love.
When I was a little bit and I looked at it, she came up with me and he gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I got up.
One or two hours later, I came back to look at it, and I came up and said, "Brazil, still feel my air?
And if he said no, he grabbed me again, and if he said yes, he left me in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
Instead, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture your time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up on a morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, he pulled up the room, he took me out of his hand and he said, "You see Brazil. The two will convince."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and he said, "Brazil, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, May."
She said, "Now let me make sure you're not." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil."
I said, "Sure, Mahmo."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my son, and you have to promise me to always take care of her."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mahmo, I'll do it."
Then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing, even though it is the hard thing to do.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that you will never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mad, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural south. I have a brother one year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, a day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I got it, I grabbed my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We just got to make the madness.
He took a beer shelf, offered my sister -- she took a little and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister as well. Take a beer.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens to you? Take a beer."
And I closed my gaze with force and said, "Oh, not be you're still thinking about Mariner's conversation."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "It tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was described.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know that this will spread widely up.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking that it's a virtue. I say it for the power of identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't make sense of it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe being able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prison during the prospection.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to be engaged.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive parallel, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities, or black communities, you find that so much despair, so much despair.
One in three black black between the 18 and 30 years is in jail or in conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you are poor and innocent.
It's not culture, but it is wealth for the results.
And it seems like we feel very tremendous.
The politics of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're described.
I think it seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you of rights for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it to the next 10 years the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they would pass the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it sentenced to 13 years to die in prison.
We have this country prison for children, no chance to go out before.
Right now we're in a process of some literature.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the edge of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the common crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
Out of every nine executive people, it's identified one that is innocent that it's excited and liberated from the corridor of death.
One rate of error -- amazing -- an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to fly airplanes if every nine who would take off, you'd be stars.
But somehow we isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of this issue if we deserve killed.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked.
They worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Steven, you dictate talks -- give the people to stop saying that in our history we run for the first time with terrorism, after 1970."
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continued to, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial and separation substitutes.
We have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conference on death penalty truck.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good worrying to hear what you say."
He said, "We don't have death row in Germany.
We will naturally never have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intellectual and delighted, we were going to run people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to execute people, especially if they were mostly Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this discovery.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you actually don't care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are -- but implicated.
We love innovation.
Technology fascinated us. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately those realities are really built by suffering, abuse, degradation, manager.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking about and talking about the poor, the forests, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed with the intellectual thing.
So with innovation, with creativity. development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas also by the conversation of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look not only in the brilliant and uncomfortable, but also in the dark and the hard.
Vaceful Haiti, the great Jewish leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in despair sites and being stereotype.
Well, that origin for spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There's no disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
We come back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together simply to speak.
Occasionally, Miss Carl called me, to tell me, "Birth, come the Parks -- we're going to get together to speak.
You want to come and listen to it?
I said, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Let's hear them."
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very smart, very ultimate.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me, and he said, "Now, Brazil, I think it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help the ones that have been convicted of uncomfortable.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We're trying to end up with the sensors of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death penalty penis.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
We're trying to end up with the massive parallels."
I gave it all my best speech, and when I finished looking at it and said, "Mammoth mime M.D."
And he said, "We're going to be able to get a strong look, very shocked."
At that time, Ms. Carl leaned up, put me the finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very but really valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find the way we face those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not a magazine.
Even if somebody kills another one, it's not that it's a killing.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not this way.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very limitating, very still, is not going to judge us for our technology, for our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not the way they treat the rich, powerful and privileged ones, but the way the poor, the containers, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel defended. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of disable.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 year-old customers who have been trained for them as adults to join them.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it is?
The judge made it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night later I was awake. For God, if the judge can turn you into something you don't are, must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brazil, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask for that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a magnifying.
I had a 14 year-old client -- a tiny, poor, black.
I started working on the magnifying, with a party that said, "Moment for my 14-year-old black client to be treated as a private picture of 75 years, executive of a corporation."
In the process, I found that there was been a behavior in the access of accident, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line on the middle of how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking about that insight matter that would be a dream or really write it?
For my horror -- not only had it referenced her, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt really adopted, overwhelmed me.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally got out of the car. I walked to court.
I was going up on the stairs when I met a older black man, it was the advice of the court.
When I saw me, he came up to me and he said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is it lawyer? I said yes.
So I got approached and hug me.
And it whispered me in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was smart.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this birthday mouse?
I said, "Yes, Mr. Saudep, I was me."
People started coming in. They were all indicating.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came in, the statistical prosecutors -- the audiences.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of us functional because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eyes of the eye, I got to see the advice I went and came in.
And I looked down the window and I was able to hear all that scream.
It kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with face face, walked in the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyers table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the despair a seat of the algae was shown by operating because the consensus had entered the room.
The pressure was released on the old black.
And he said, "Jum, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "Come to this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the goal with share."
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly humans evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology -- design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to fruitions, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with share.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, from this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
BG: There are several different opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reporter this spring in which an effort is going to be done to deliver the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, it's going to spend billions of dollars on death row, over the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of households are not concluded in risks.
Ninety-five percent of rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a change opportunity.
This refugee is going to propose that these funds are destined to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decrease in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think it is?
BG: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
Great growth in mass acceleration in this country is not by crime with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the heart population.
And we let ourselves convince the return of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into the perfect chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against ownership instead of getting those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment doesn't do anything for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you've been excited about here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you so much for having come to TED. Thank you.
And the tracking threats for the death of Bin Laden.
Local 2: Hamburget in Somalia, Coca-Colades 3: The police rains painting.
Locan 4: Spotting cards. Cockroach 5: Mortality Crash.
Locan 6, social December. Social 7: 65 dead.
Local 8 Alley -- Tombathone 9: Cybercoming.
Several computers: War to the pharmaceutical. mass destruction transportation.
Receive. Bangalore.
crisis. dead. disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Dielies: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could barely be in the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the means of press prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a massive.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
He ordered and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories will rather look at the negative.
That old retreat of the press, "If there's blood, you sell it -- it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimists.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is going wrong.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get distances.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, the climate change, the extinction of species and water and energy -- no doubt we have them.
As human beings, we are very good at advanced the problems and the long thing, we end up with them.
So let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled -- average per capita income adjusted by inflation has been translated around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pink showed us that we're living the most peaceful time of human history.
And Charles Kennedy came from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get higher expectations of expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, TV, mobile air and cars.
The magazine barriers of the past century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
So supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone has in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a Super Seattle Supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and in peace, in recession and depression and autonomous.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop to any of the big challenges.
And even though it's plotted in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, in the Moore's Law horses, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends from Stoner call infinite computing, sensors and networks, the robotics and 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, the digital medicine, the nanotechnology and the A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jefferson of Watson, from IBM?
It was a piece.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I had.
And I loved this one, "What was true to human options."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to release a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for each other on the planet -- it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce and getting it abundant to it.
You see, scale is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of Nobel III in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Seattle.
Nobel troops ate with silver covers and the same Napane, with gold covered with gold.
But the king of Seattle, I ate with aluminum covers of aluminum.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it's more than gold and platform.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is all all aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is eight percent of the Earth's mass of Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal anymore.
It's bound by oxygen and silence.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap we used it as if it was disastering.
We projected this analogy towards the future.
Let's think of the energy scale.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a bad planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 terrorists of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scale, it's about accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the general telling: eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
solar energy cost fell 50 last year.
Last month, the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a hour per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk now about wars for water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after the Saturn country?
He took a famous picture. What was he called it?
"A blue dot point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent per water.
Yes, 97 percent is salt water, two percent of it is ice, and we fight for five percent of the water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanotubes.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the Bracy -- I'd like to share with you -- it gave me permission to do -- his technology called Slovestor -- maybe knowing it -- is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water from any source -- the water -- the contaminated water, a letter -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 2006 of the planet.
This is an innovation that is powered by this technology that today exists.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world at the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could ever have ever predicted before.
And better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- PSP, video, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, medical diagnostic technology, now are demonstrated and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when it comes up in health care.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Muslim Foundation something called the X Muchae Talk Muslim Talk, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world teams so that they combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they talk about, and since he has A.I. -- they can take a bottom blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent, there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- I'll call the health care and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billions in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the brand seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds ever before you add to global conversation.
What would these people want?
What are you going to do? What would you want?
And instead of an economic collapse, we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of trillion dollars in the global economy.
And they will make a lot more health because of the Transition, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing computers will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of mankind, healthy educated and productive healthy?
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give them openness, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
So what will these three billion do?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that could only be done by great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of them know about.
It's called Fold.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take an amino sequence of amino acids and figure out how they will fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a superconductor problem.
They've played with this college professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were added and started playing it.
And it's shown that the recognition machinery of human pattern is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the Bactomillo.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to join us to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The building of the game point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1845.
You might believe that it was personally painting, but it didn't.
It actually cracks fish.
And he described one of them as a very common."
It was the sea.
I was very fish to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red Side of the U.K.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're president.
The films still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the delusion of civil.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a magnet in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be interviewed.
I was very burned with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The label was surrounded by palm palmets, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were about 20 inches -- the black bar thylacine thylacine plant.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was made more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later the amount of fish had gone down to half.
They were magically massively massaged.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish still were happy to be there.
You know, nothing to change, but it's all changed.
My third story is that I was a competitive in the introduction of artist fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in 1960 -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
Telescope development would impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Museum four.
I went out to fishing on it, and we conducted studies in the south of the Chinese of the Ministry of Marineral and especially in the Christmas Sea.
What we captured was something innovative.
We captured now, the sea bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured was sports, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny sides about a few remains -- remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In a year, you make a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid gold footprint in this case, to be a leap.
This is a dead torture.
They didn't eat them. They discovered them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I wasn't still adopted.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you pick up the fishermen every time you go to an area where you've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We looked at the point of view, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
So if we generalize this, something like this.
And on the axis, we have good things on the axis, biology, amount of orgasms, the green supply of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images to the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extract it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the quality of changes.
And at the end of keeping a few remains reserved.
And that, in big measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before extinction, it's gradually frequent.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose a little frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little because we fishing.
Over time there are little fish, but we think that's the point of view.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present -- like captain such and I looked at a lot of fish in this area cannot be used, or usually they don't use the fish scientists, because it's not science."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in institutions, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the enormous role that you can do is a marine protected area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreate the past.
We take the past that people can't conceive because the game point has run and it's extremely low.
That's for people that you can see a protected marine zone and you can benefit from the vision that you provide -- which allows you to erase your point of view.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West people, for example?
I think that arts and cinema can probably fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Charley Bay Simula.
There were a long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay. 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that math and tons are like "Allegon."
And if you think about "Appler" -- if you think about why people were moving with the film -- not talking about the story of Pockets, why do you get to the images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, it's lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one that will give. It's Cambodia, making Averge II under water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alpha, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So we're going to see why video videos are made and what it matters to it.
We all want to be stars, celebrities, singers, comets -- when I was younger -- that seemed something very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper notes in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a song.
You get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a small percentage is made viral. It gets infinite vision and winning cultural moment.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators and business communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start.
Bear Vascul: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Baker, water."
KA: Last year, Jerry Valley published this video film outside of his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity of the past summer.
Bear doesn't propose to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called YouTube Mountain Bear.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video was published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmenda.
Jimmy Kimmenda published this title that would beat the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmenda show us new and interesting things and lead them to a wider audience.
Rebel Black:  It's Friday, Years. You have to start the Friday --  -- all of you want it to come in the weekend last week.   KA: You are starting the Friday --  KA: Don't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Sense Black is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "I Argum Driver's double," this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peak, it's also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday friends?
Well, he took it Toman Tom, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mexico Science That was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter.
But what is important is that a person or a group of trend creators adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parallels of "Stees on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- doing something new with that.
"No Cathwoor is a repetitive animation with a mountain music.
This is all like this.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that is rare, you know there's a three hours version that you've seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were remembers.
Somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of reward that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we all can form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who might have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted "Dr "River Iranians double-sharing? Or Renaid Blake or "No Cat?
What a guide could you have written that controlled this situation?
In a world that you get two days of video per minute, just that truly unique, unexpected can be determined in the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the dollars to riders in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nierdan: I was stuck by not circular because of the biologist, but often there are obstacles that prevent you circular to the background.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Nierda got that five million watched and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for everything that we do in a creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bear Valley: What does this mean?
Baker.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators, the creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media of a new culture, which we all have access to and is the audience that defines the population.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber started on YouTube.
They don't ask to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media, they're just the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still sticking.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drama, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the Americans come into San, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vanish.
The words, for so long friends, is now looking at it.
It was raised in silence.
He died the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to apply them, but we broke it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they slow down quietly to sea.
My mother, Mahmoud, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concerned marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to one task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
He was unconscious for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four-year sample that defies the fiction, a boat goes down into the disguised sea of fishing fire.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was parallels, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother took a picture with poison.
If you were caught. First would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the payload started by diving in every wave, and the horizon and vagina horizon.
I don't remember the pirate pieces that came several times, but they were hooked with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't go back for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men in the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we broke in Melanie.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We are established in Fourage, a class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants that are committed.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence in Prostate, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were from the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the interviewed English were traded between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT technology of the information."
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was usually new clothes -- always new head.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tubes, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful charts on the eyes and some graphic eyes, "Assample: "Assample, go home.
A home, where?
Something in me is streaming.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get it."
My mother, my sister and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was excluded every night, but we ran on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffers the sands, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be statistics and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and the teachers were trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and paraphas.
They created centers, they created center.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implicated with what it was delivered from myself.
On the other one, I was rooted in precise lives, traditionally acceptable by violence, the abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many of them got aid over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of angel, I was elected the young Australian of the year.
And I went from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit up.
As I did, I resident Foundation of Four-American, was now as Le refugee, refugee and social activist, invited to talk to sites that I had never heard name, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols anymore.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the conflict of life in an ideal suburbs -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on each one of each and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I was now the same age that she had when we got up to the ship.
No one had ever been an option.
"How do you do it: I said, "And you don't be what you are."
So I talked about juvenile performance and education and decoration to the marginalized and the prosperity.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was willing to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a advertising race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it is okay to be a stranger -- a recent arrived, new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to get the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your own.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is destroyed, but not the way we fear it.
possibilities that would not have been allowed to be allowed tremendously.
There was an energy there, a implanted optimism optimism, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I put together a small group of people who the motto cannot be done?
For a year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
After one journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure continued.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Conservation was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered it.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At the age of 17, it became a convention of a Mandela whose mother hit her.
Without the support of his husband, he caused a revenue when he delivered it and carried the cause herself and much more revealed when he won.
You can't do it to be steel.
I was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 miles in Melandi.
I looked through the shot of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Foundation and we sat around his attack.
We told them stories and we make sure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
And I asked the month, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning."
"You haven't left it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have easily picked up.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for it?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a proportion in their lives, survival in every wave -- the impossible rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and look at it, I would do.
Ernest Negains, and also the mother of so far here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rwanda about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Suman Alice singer, Muslim Alice.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the age of the old Indian epidemic "The Machine."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
And at that time when Andrew -- the great Indian warrior of India, he had silk, he took a bow and with a flower to the ground, he got water.
We now do the same with tables and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot of fun.
I felt a little bit more technological.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an attack if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his plate plastic player.
And this 50 years technology was for me the most magical thing.
It became a dead door to a world full of images and parallel and self-consistent in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phone, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent we show.
They face our inspiration.
And so I launched myself to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic instead of killing it.
I illustrate books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put together the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narration becomes increasingly multi-touch.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Kosova, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to "some: I write my name.
And so I get a character of the book.
At several times I get a letter -- the iPad knows where the GPS is alive -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but that magic of childhood to those ideas that we open of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So over here, we need to include the iPad to release the fireflies.
And, really, they lit your way in what it remains from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me about a girl was that a whole galaxy would be on a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a bottle that I drag towards this magical device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book, there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows and pull and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the spirits.
We've all heard of the health and the circulations, but how many people outside India know their Indian contrast, the loved would love?
These poor wounds have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and horrible book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And by talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their P.C. -- they haven't gone out into the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out in the outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
I had a lot of collections: shoes, stones and boxes and counts.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So this way is created a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A boy in London puts a picture of a tour and says, "Oh, today I saw a row."
A boy in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken over.
Within the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we were able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video, and through augmented reality sees a group of animated sounds that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and be able to get them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology are closer to each other.
We embrace the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Rapabo University was to design a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea cup and asked patients, family and knowledge -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects failed, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wikipedia scale. It's very simple.
It has a party of loss and stopped.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms now.
But it's so simple, every time I connect myself, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head of head has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when you need cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect myself to my Wikipedia scan and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Libya, today I think you need a linear lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could use for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
The next week will be available.
This little biomass connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be, from their homes, taking their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to the control and to be captain of their own ship, but we also can help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, like the cost of the cost of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing crossing.
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where ATM cars are in Mathematica.
Also where all the gas are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DDV to help this patient?
We ask, but nobody knew it.
Nobody knew where to get the DSA saving lives right now.
What we did was we did cross-seen in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to be -- you see a DASA, please send them out, give you a few days where, and when you're open, you sometimes open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DSA they were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, augmented reality, to find these DASA.
And every time they are in the city of Mathematic and someone collapses. They can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their Microsoft cell to find the nearest DSA to find the nearest DSA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this one, not just like DSA Fourtain, which is the name of the product, but also like Duslims.
And we would want to start at the global level.
We're advising all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for the Drugs crowdsourcing around the world.
Every time they are of vacation and somebody collapses, it can be a relatives or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DASA values.
They could be message services or television people, for example, to see if the DSA that is shown is still in their place.
Please help us on this and not just improve health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 years.
I mixed up with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the dolphin.
And for me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the Indian moment.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pollutari.
Photographs like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And, despite it, it keeps a level of realism to it.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality, I say photosynthesis.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photographs where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors or the colors?
Is the light interviewed?
What do the illusion creates is?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But ultimately, it's our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think it's realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
So here we have three objects perfectly imagination, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that seems three-dimensional -- as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know that there is no exist.
So we go through the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like it seems to be the ones that we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these receiving receivers, and they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of the different images with a perfect together.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it, because you don't need to put your ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The undersea part was captured in a stone piece.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island to look more summer.
So to achieve a realistic result, I think it takes planning missing.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then we have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, you can be very beautiful and very realistic at the same time.
All tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I don't care so much to show you the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the CRISPR microscope versus the potential of local areas.
The interesting thing about this is that this one, like many others we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about secretive curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn up the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logical scale?
The answer is, if I draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to graph, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if I, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a secretary curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives you a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will advance as fast as the microbes -- past morning, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move up to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a failed growth that every few years of magnificent orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that fits the world?
How new is the world are driving?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been collected, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's all going to be so different that what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
And so I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we got back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil droplet took a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to split.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet cats.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random chemicals.
And every time they divide they had an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they make.
So every drop was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow were different by being better at the time of incorporating the surrounding chemicals -- grew up more chemicals and divided more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple -- but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
In some ways we didn't understand these guards very well to store information.
They learned to kill information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they fought in this evolutionary evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were so that they were to replicate them.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microbes of white dust that I try to hide with people of the airport security.
But it has -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and implanted it 10 to the 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have a lot of for all the presents -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a ball, I would have put it into a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happily happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the communities of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way they avoid penicillin and they were approved to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to the community that communities that, in a way, were together in that -- and they established a civilization.
So they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were repeated more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And on that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-touch community.
We have a lot of cells that no longer act alone.
The skin cell doesn't look without the heart, or the muscle of the brain, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and they produced more interesting levels that the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
They're neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the structures that are responsible to register and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn to not eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism given that before they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures dramatically accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time needed to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a bunch of groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, empty and confusing, in your heads that I keep certain analogy with me.
But we take something very complicated to turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstract.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our records of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The television, the computer, the video tape, the CAPTCHA, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscope.
You saw the evolutionary example of TED where it produced a certain evolution with the program Consensus, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scale of time again.
The first stages of history that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language, etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feedback. I guess that authoritarian is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process is feedback.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I jobs to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of Theaton Machinerry, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine that does something that was before you couldn't get far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I set up methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscope.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer can you run a hundred million sequences of injury in random?
Could you run these sequences of injuries at random, run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that made the task better?
We take those and we remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the best of the numbers.
And we were going to reproduce them following a process of analogy to sex."
We take two programs, which will engineer children, which are expanding suburbans, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that were a little bit more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It calculates again.
And I introduce some mutations some mutations.
And it tries again and I repeat it with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they understand the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Margaret Milky and pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel right?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole options that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much faster quickly.
And it is feedback.
The thing goes faster and faster, and I think it seems so confident.
Because all these technologies are sticky.
We're displacing.
And we're at an analogous moment to the single-celled organisms when they become multi-concerned.
We are the airs and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think it will stop here before I get stupid.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've experienced enough time to allow me to be part of my fake school on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go out routing the rules and talking about statistics and using them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battle that battles 300 dollars.
That means that the baseball baseball effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught up, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't come in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
three of 10 attempts in 10.
You know how you call a 300 percent battle in the Great Legos?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400-year-old baseball battle?
By the way, that's somebody who was 10 buttons, about four.
Lego -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League of baseball to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have applications and they're destroyed to a surgeon who has also a 400 percent record.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved being has two obstacles obsessed and their family doctor is leading it to a cardiologist whose record in analytic is 200 200.
But you know what?
She's getting this year better.
And their areas have been 254.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think should be the average average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon, or a nurse or a global object?
1,000 very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the points of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradise.
What we do, however, is to send them into the world, and I include me, with the blanket of being perfect.
That never -- ever made a mistake and progress to figure out how to do well.
That was the message that I was absorbing when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goliath was studied to a blood test.
Such one.
I studied in my little device, in the Redwood Hospital nurses in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my kind of anatomy -- I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery coming out of the air, the different differential diagnosis and the non-state diagnostic.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the regular statistically.
And as I got more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get rid of the medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to all of us, because I would immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Miss Drawing.
I was a resident in college hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to the Drank lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the police service.
And when you emerge it used to consult a cardiologist I got to attend to that patient.
It's going to report to the head of residents.
When I saw Miss Drug, I was justification.
I heard a regular sound.
And when I accumulated it, I heard a sound broken on both sides, which gave me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pump the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are full of blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I went to work on the treatment I would give you.
He gave him a spirit and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave it diagnostics, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid light.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I made the first mistake -- I sent it to his house.
I actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her home to his house without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, that I was calling my boss and comfort with him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to add complicated information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I probably didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contacted my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent it back to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside who said, "Golden, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse that I was asking the lady Drugshene, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought, and then he said all the natural nature, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance together with the diagrams took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I packed up to leave the hospital and walked towards parking where my car was to go home. At that point, I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service service for home.
And there was another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Drug Draw before, but another one -- he told me three words, those three words that most emergency physicians fear in.
Other specialists are afraid as well, but there's an emergent particular and is that we see patients failure.
The three words is: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient that I sent to your house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back with the same voice tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I came back and on the edge of death.
On a time of an hour of having come to her house, after I gave him the high school, he suffered a collapse and her family called 1971, the doctors brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 millimeters away, which means a severe shock.
I just breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to get the blood pressure.
And they put a artificial breath.
I was concerned and he went down to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because then he was strangers that was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I never woke up.
He had a irrespective brain damage.
family.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let her go. Mrs. Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the malaria shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just in isolation, with no feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad about it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't by my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I wonder the things and I make sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss for? Why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so much standard?
Why do I choose medicine?
Little to that feeling was describing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with me in which if I was reading the efforts to be perfect to not make any more errors, I would make those voices.
And so it did.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he would go here.
He looked at his throat, he was a little color.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him to his house.
But while he went down to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my job change, my boss asked me to talk to me very quickly in his office.
And I had the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient I saw by a pain in the grave?
So he came back and didn't have a stranger foreign.
He had a potentially deadly effect called epidemics.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was fortunately, not failing.
You can see antibiotics for it interviewed and recovered.
And I went through the same period of shame and replacements, and then I came back and went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency course, not a display disabled.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
So order an area of kidneys but it was normal. A colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to remember, and I asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it and when I noticed a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand square, called the surgeon.
They both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was attracted to me, I was developed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and like many colleagues say, it's a below.
The most significant people have been over the last five years.
Just asserted and support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so they didn't make the same mistakes?
If I would go right now to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but they won't hear somebody talk about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a tractor in my hospital announced the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at it in the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that are -- that have the results and the ones that have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of discipline and medical journalism, I have made a personal study of bad medical prison and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program, "Whole Court, Black Art -- white art white art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are unprecedented.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 of 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or decision is not right, in a system where inability infections are increasingly and more numerous and providing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 singers die by embrace medical errors.
The U.S. Medicine Institute established 100,000 people.
In both cases, it's about underlying ambitions, because we're not getting the problem out as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't act.
So sleep deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, and it comes victim with clean eyes and all the way to alcohol and all of a sudden, my story is kind of contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't take their symptoms all the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, it won't be left.
And what do people don't want to talk about their most great cases?
In my program, "Linked "Wall, black art, is a habit to say, "This is my worst error." I would tell everybody, from the doctors to the head of heart surgery -- "This is my worst error: blah, blah, blah -- "What are your mistakes? And to run the microphone to them.
And his students would stop, they would go down, they would go down their head and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same error."
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with one doctor every time.
The reduced physician is human, it knows human, and he doesn't get proud of his mistakes, but he was effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make errors every once in time.
My name is Brian Goliath.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I feel a lot of it, but I am effort to learn something that can be transmitted to others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day anywhere?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says picking up an average American -- are about 70 to a day.
Not a long ago, in a research they followed for a week to a group of companies of business.
Researchers were recorded the different tasks that were designed by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 133 jobs per week.
Naturally, every work included many monitors.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the next nine minutes, and how many of you in a hour?
How do you heat the way those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of this: choose to choose the options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a stick.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of optimism of option?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was faced with this very, very high level of level -- at least in that time it was very sophisticated.
His name was Drail.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and smallpox, more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of water flattened, and this was when we took water from the guide.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the length of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him, "Do you get this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tubes that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the memories.
Take it.
They had 345 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right to the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six sensors, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what do people were willing to stop to test the merely?
More people stopped when there were 24 percent, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a market of memorial.
Here's the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy memory.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought memory.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy member if they found six.
Well, deciding that we don't buy memory is probably a good thing to come in, but it is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the options of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided to decide not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guardian Hubble, Emily Kamen and White Jane, where we look at the decisions about savings for the retirement of about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in savings of savings for retirement, the 400ndvic program will spread people to save for the future.
And we found that there was really a correlation of it.
We had 67 plans that went from two, to 50 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds offered it there were less participation.
So if you look at the extreme, we see that on the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you will.
And on the plans that were offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the '60s.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, the more people were inspired by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial market accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against the interest.
They're more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of majority, mustard and wine and memorized, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose that amazing exhibition.
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we've tried in a way or another, in different research, so that you can test in your business.
The first is, Corriglate.
You have heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, less than today.
People always bother when I say, "Let's go."
They care about losing space in the air.
But actually what we're seeing is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of extra redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- will go down the costs, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Protest & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shoots to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cathwork corporation eliminated the products for cats of cats that are less sold, they increased the users in 87 percent, and two causes -- older sales and lower costs.
You know that today's supermarkets are about 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the world today is Alley and offers only 140 products -- a kind of tomato sauce sauce in it.
In the financial savings world, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is David Lalson plant, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a life insurance fund.
Those who really want to choose -- they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees," tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate you, you can't even make your customers either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garry.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a few vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the dead of Garret.
(Man apples: Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Are they not more?
Okay, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think I really got to hear more hands.
All right.
And actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can get sick and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it really real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the options, which is Contractor.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that consequences must feel very vivid -- very concrete ways.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit or credit cards than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Slave Bernatas and Alexander President, about a personal NGO staff who worked in NGO, these people were in a meeting where they were string to a 441 plan.
To that meeting, that we thought exactly how we used it, we did a little sentence.
What we added was that we went to the staff who would think of the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minority there was an increase in the additions of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts from four percent.
The third technique is Classic.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets along the edge of the canopy, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 6636.
But you know?
Because the rating tells me how to difference.
These are two jetlematron's exhibitions.
One is called "Jack and the other, "Shake."
If you think the one on the left is Shanghai, and the one on the right is Japan, you give a palm pain.
(Music apples: Well, there are some people.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Shinesel, you give a palm pain.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Shinesel. But you know what?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
Cats have to indicate something to who choose -- not that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds.
Are they supposed to be informed?
My fourth category: Condom complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
Let me show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German manual manufacturer that allows it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build your car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options.
Colonies, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box. Four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, to a few boxes, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look for?
How do you engage you.
If you approach always the detector button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed or is: we're losing them.
We found that the ones who go from many options to a few options are operated by the button over and over again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Even though we choose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more boundaries with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of open options: Corric, eliminate strange alternatives -- concern, make it real. Clampous to you -- we can make more categories with less choices -- to drive complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented were designed to help manage alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or to the people who are seriously.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful by choice.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the East East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine I had to register it to the government.
I had to register an example of examples written with the machine.
And this for the government could track the origin of text.
If they found a writing with the wrong message, they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we don't realize that somebody could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and you print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots printed on every page that makes them a pattern that makes them their own and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be able to get a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what's happening in the online world, we can pull the attacks through their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the circulations.
Like Mr. Diamonist Gulf from the city of Kik, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybersocks to earn a lot of money, including numbers.
There are really many cases of military online, multi-to-person melans, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Task, from Tarkoth, State.
This is Alfred Nollywood.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Brook South.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tarahama Alaska etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their online forces, but they do it by illegal terms by bright tragedies to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this lady, Sam Jane, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jake on soul -- he knows his stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a cybercrime that a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves them -- they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have described over the last 12 months occupy a role on the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is the national states that they attack.
And then we see cases like Digital.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a conflict authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Decline the bottom of the last fall, because of a shoot.
They survived the security of the site and they had a circulation.
And last week I asked him, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives of the Dutch government, asked one of the leaders if they found planning the death of people because of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a central authority.
They sell certificates.
What do the certain conversations look for?
Well, you need a website with attacks, Soldier encrypted services, services like Glamour.
Except that they interact a foreign authoritarian authority.
And that you can make an artificial certificate.
And in the case of Digital it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters were taken out of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the car of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers there was this card called "French Frigoria."
And within that folder there were notes of a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications in the country.
They had sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters are right here.
You know, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments so they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago was called the Schillan Turkey, a tragedy used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But today it goes beyond today.
The connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Schillan Trinity to infect our computer with a tragedy to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the privacy.
Privacy is not discussing.
It's not a matter of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we're going to do today, will be forever.
Are we going to rely on any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about us over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi doesn't have close to the southern part of the south, which means that wild animals like the beaten migrate outside the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and found it dead to me, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to show them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up running a lot to the lions.
They die them are warriors that protect our community and the livestock -- and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park Park.
A child in my community, at six at nine years old, is responsible from the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this wasn't serious, because it even helped the lions to see the stable stage.
I didn't get up. It continued.
A second idea was to use a ships.
I tried to get the lions to believe that it was near the stage.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day, and they saw the spaces, and they were, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that move.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would press and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I saw everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply electricity to the small Indian box, I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes the lights down.
As you can see, the bottles go outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how lions see it when they come at night.
The lights are displaced and take the lions to think I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights on.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the whole of Kenya, to scare other predators like husbands, learners, and also being used to blow elephants from farms.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Broadman International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funding and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, it was just a child in the pink pictures of the savanna holding my father's cows, and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that some day would be inside of you.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and to the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Ahan operate. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So I got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence -- CA: An electrical fence about?
RB: I know you already invented electric close, but I want to do my own.
CA: So you tried it once, right? And -- R: I tried it before, but I stopped because I got a calmonize.  CA: On the foot of the canyon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate in every step that you, friend of mine.
Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
I grew up singing a song called "I November nothing."
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Island, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
Although sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop existence in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're ready to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
As long as I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't delete from my memory.
A living woman was dead on the street, holding a child hiding in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine.
At the end, more than a million Koreans died during famine and only a few survived by eating past, insects and tree cortex.
They also made the energy cut, all around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea, at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Mount River, which is the boundaries between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very dim at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that for the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a normal refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely hard, but also dangerous, because Norway refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be reproduced to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by Chinese police, and they entered me in the police station.
Somebody had been accused to me to be normal, then I looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interface, one official said to another, "This was a fake response. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for a seat in foreign embarrassments.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and depression.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans had not so much lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and depressed North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape. Many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be used in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk myself going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
And sitting in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We're all cord, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even through an identity crisis.
Am I a surface or a north?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call the pride of mine.
Even though embracing life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the extension of income to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received an alarming call.
North Korean authorities played some money that I sent to my family, and as I punishment my family, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location in the outside.
They had to be immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the path to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I went into the border with North Korea.
Since my family could not speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost had been caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of all of us, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were some symptoms that I was coming on.
He looked at me suspended, but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the border of Laws.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laws.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and flattened to cross the border illegally being remotely.
After paid polls and sounds, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and filled in the capital of Laws.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was retreated in short prison from the stream of South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or mountains.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask me, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other nodes and to take them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he told me.
"I'm helping the normal village.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The massive unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown, and the support of the international community is actually the rays of hope that the normal people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle of the battle.
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families and when they get up to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, job practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us follow in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help you by giving you a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans working around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Central Southern Center: library stores, fast food, barrel terrain.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of Central South to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  Step footprints, fast food, barrel terrain.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Central Centers, home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curious diseases in the Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood.
I see chairs of wheelchair bought and sold as used cars.
I see centers of plastic dilemmas like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also have to run 45 minutes away and go back to buy an apple that has no pesticides to it.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet six me.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greeks, we put together and we start planting our food forest food, fruit trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group paid by a garden compound by gardens of all the processes, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
And then somebody complained about it.
The city came up to me and in summary, and they gave me a little bit of a quote saying that I had to remove my garden.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?  And so I was like, "Well, let's call it."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Pillo, and I talked to the concern and one of the members of Green Guardians, who put a petition in China, with 900 firms we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concept even called to say they were reaching and loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more barrels based.
It's 68 miles of barrel terrain.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 757 million tomato plants.
Why does the hell don't look good at this?
They will grow a plant to give about a thousand -- 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of stores will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my high, when I tell people, grow your own food.
cultivating your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I was reminded to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Such as an artist of graffiti who comes up with walls, I love soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas and the plants and the trees, are my entitlement of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You'd be surprised to see how you affect kids.
The gardening is the most tractor and a prosthesis act that you can do, especially in a brother.
Also, they get French.
I remember an occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, were like 103 o'clock at night and they were in my garden, and they were very so standing.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Wherean don't you fear people will steal your food?
And I say, "Oh my God, I don't fear that they're going to steal it."
That's what it is on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at once, I want you to take your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the Los Angeles Center.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Guards has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow cold, kids will eat colonies.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind people in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they are caught in. I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are charged from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Perhaps the next George Washington Carrier.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy care.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to put people out of the street, take kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we need to make it sexy.
I want all of them to become economic redesigned, destinations, desperational gardens.
We have to change the script of what's a despair.
If you're not a garden, you're not a desperation.
You know, the desperates take their passenger.
That is her weapon of choice.
In addition, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some month -- to talk about making some stop.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their pale so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Skateboard sounds)    You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it rains a lot.
They can have a lot of water in the asphalt that saves.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars pass up, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make pure asphalt.
Portional applause, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has portraits and water can move through it, so all the rainwater water flows into the sides and they will have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they won't save water anymore.
The noise will also disappear.
Because it's very hypothetical, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What's going to be disabled? See that in this road, the surface stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can damage your paradise, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bats with that.
Ah, he's ready.
You know, Bachwiana, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage comes up in this material.
It's a portional asset, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adoption between the stones.
Because of the intelligence, the ultraviolet light, the addition, this button, the glue between the ears, will collect it, and if you choose it, you will get microbes and you will separate from the adds.
So if you drive through the road, you will take the add -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about strength materials.
If we can make this material be additionally, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean saves, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the biography.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like you see here, that you use to cook -- a manufacturing machine.
In fact, the industry can heat out, especially steel -- it's very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button flows through these microbes and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big information machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven, it's a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it."
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the Accousing Accousing, where we had to do a trial cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on roads, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charges on them, we repeated them with our information machine and we repeated them and we tested them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers using the energy of information to actually increase the life of the road surface, even they can double the life of the surface -- it really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before you can show them how the repair act.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember woke up a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because news generally depressed it.
The Taliban were being raised by my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school -- he told me.
One morning I never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when Taliban were supposed to be supported by Afghanistan and made illegal girls that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to hide my older sister who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could support where we were going.
We had to hide the books on the bag of the market to look like we were buying.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us applied in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risked our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, the school would suddenly close for a week, because the Taliban supported.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attacked, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote province from Afghanistan -- insist that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was represented by his father.
But my education mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there was moments in which I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Hey, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to continue?
Today I have 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age women have more than the background, and if my family had not been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud of graduating at Medicar Columbia.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate him.
He didn't just get away from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I carry it down the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I sleep in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the 1301 global ambassador -- a global campaign to educate women.
This is why Soldier cofounded the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risk for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, advocate for them, even in front of a dense opposition.
Like Ahmed. It's not its true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from Solly to their village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you are the phone, a voice told him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try again.
"Tell me already, if you will, he said, "But I'm not going to hurt the future of my daughter by his old and steal ideas."
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling intersections of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban -- the girls who went to school are count in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't sleep much, after the portrait of the U.S. troops.
But when I come back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that they animate them, I see a future promise and a lasting change.
And for me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibility, and every day of SOPA girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the existence, "Dan, resist Gaddafi -- fight him.
But you never become a Galaxyphicaton station revolution."
They have spent almost two years since I went through the light revolution inspired by the waves of mass mobility from the Tunisian revolution and the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other released citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of force and start a revolution against the Greenland regional regime of magic.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the condition, demanding each of the regime properties, providing freedom and dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value of exploit by facing the brutal dialogue of Galaise.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tribe.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy burden -- a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Nincola regional regime destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of light society.
aware of devastation and challenges -- I have loved to many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Beijing during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Triniana.
After a period of 33 years of exile. I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Liberia of Liberia for peace, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation to advocate for the social autonomy of women, and for our right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the early period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized -- that the model of selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, shortly by a bit, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found the news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the ancient mosques and Sufi mouses.
Another day he was grateful with the news of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the official officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continents of human rights violations and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, would be polarized more, and has been away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intuitive, exclusion and shame became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire our history of the success of the critical list and the elections.
So I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The creative list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconnectivity?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both for men and for women?
Perhaps what was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, immediate and inclusion of compassion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed choices, which only reinforce polarization and division as well.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as anger agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not only honor, but also put the marketing instead of shame, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Liberia, destroyed by war, desperately needs to be able to reach peace.
Because peace has a rent that is about interaction and alternative between female perspectives and male perspective.
That's the real creative.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to a verbal collapse of the Koran -- peace -- it's the word of the Media God, "Reader, compassion."
At the same time, the word "Remote," that you know in all of the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word "Racentha, symbolically sympathetic the female and material, that makes all the humanity of men and women, that all of the tribes and all the towns have emailed.
And so just like the top is completely covering the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion needs all of existence.
This is how you say, "My mercy.
This is how we are like, "My mission prevent about my anger.
That all of them are considered the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an inadequate question, which has equally inadequate response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everyone always always always always always always always always always always? Why is she left?
Why would anyone stay with a man who was picked up?
I'm not a psychiatrist, or a social worker, or an expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that I will tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and an editor in the Senegal magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American Experts, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I believed my twin soul -- I would hit my head with a gun.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love -- a psychological trap -- distributed love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English University of Harvard and I have an MBA in marketing from the White Business School Washington.
I've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 list, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burner and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black laboratory and I drive a Minister Observer.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions, all the levels of retirement and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interrupting and long duration or, said, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who had pasted him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by partners, Christmas and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to flex with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he also had just license from a University of the Leonardo Lego university, and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most at the first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a field of the field.
And I had big molecules like apples, and a wheat red hair and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it about all the beginning in a department.
And we started coming out and loved everything of me, which was list, that I had gone to Harvard, that I was going to have passion to help teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the practice in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York City and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job and Congress and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a little little love -- that I was getting out of head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the violence threat to see how it react to.
And this is where those isolations come in.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to feel so safe was bought three little bits.
One was in the car glove of the car.
Another one took it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said he needed those risks because of the trauma that lived in a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pills actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was in serious danger every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven o'clock in the morning and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit, and I married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very remarkable.
It simply felt very adopted by the wedding.
I had been an isolated accident, and I never would hurt myself.
I spent twice as much as the honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that I recorded several times against the clip of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, was supported by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold on the face.
Congo kept pushing me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or access at some point in their life, and the Disease Center reports that every year 15 million children are male, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
I went back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply attractive man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face her devils to him.
The other question that everybody is asking is, why does it just don't be shirt?
Why didn't it go? I could have been at any time.
So for me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in domestic violence cases happen after the victim has put it end to the relationship, after they march up, because then the abuse already has nothing to lose.
Other reports include permanent atom, even after the abuse has gone back to married, for financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to land the victim and their children, who usually are forced by judges to spend time not survival with the man who was beating their mother.
And we still keep wondering why it just isn't going?
I was able to go, because of one last piece of limestone that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone to the world, to the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims as spotting headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it still?
For some people it's a way to say, "The guilt is its for stop us: as if the victims will deliberately choose to fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Just Love Love, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also struck, who learned an underground lesson of what happened to them and who responded their lives and joyful and happy lives like employees, wife and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I am actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I became married with a loving man and loved and we have those three children.
I have that black laboratory and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have ever more, ever, it's a charged pistol pointing to my head in someone who says it wants me.
Right now, you are thinking, "Wow, that's fascinating -- or "Holy, what dumb it was, but all this time, I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people, that you're listening to me right now, that are being battered or they were small or they were beetles themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims we need all over the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the male to light talking about it with his kids, their jobs and their friends and their family.
They repair their view of survivors as fantastic and fantastic people who have a full future.
They recognize the earliest violence of violence to intervene consciously, to slow their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call myself Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years ago.
And I feel like right now, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't be done like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to press it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up, they don't have to decide now, but I would find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These cars are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater by your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also surface.
I've totally changed what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would drag the back, and I would take the hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial brown like the one that I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which, although surface and immune has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it get model?
And I always say, a cartoonist discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery. I am the benefit of an heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we also have associated with a high and full shape figure, the family and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've been able to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now shown sculpture, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait, that's Namibia, Tarah, Joan Salari, Lou Weight.
First of all, happy for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 677 hired models, only 27, is less than four percent, not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nano-refugee surgery or a policy surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron I want to be a model, then I say, I know my boss ...
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of restriction of the magazine of the American magazine or the executive director of HIV, or the next Steven Message.
To say that the greater you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose to.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, "Modern clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always ask me is if all the pictures are accumulated.
And yes, virtually all of the photos, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me and also the first time I used a Biggester, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
This is how I read my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pillar party a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and in the Mr.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They are creation of a group of professionals, people, machinery, photographers and statistics, and all their aid and police people and police, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many care of 20 inches and I never use, except the previous couple but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to make money, and they gave me the free dress of free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver could be a comet comet, and of course they stopped us, and I took a sense of it, agent to be able to drive down.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for them without matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, from the 140 teenagers that were stood and record, 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1770, black and Latino young people in New York City, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times will you stop me? And what?
By researching for this talk, I learned that the 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number is elevated to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life in a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about myself every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes to the fashion -- but it's probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that will come from this talk, I hope that everybody gets more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was big enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious photos, and I wasn't me who I took them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took the random turbulence.
My story starts when, finding me in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and five of the course.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to San New York in a parallel journey and you continue the ritual.
So here is when we started asking the tourists to come up with the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has ever heard of the camera.
So we were not aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, not only physical level, but in all the senses.
Because even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new toxins, and I can see life through his eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed a red round of the wrist store that had a little bit of previous visits.
And I described what I had felt at five years old in that same place.
I began to remember his heart to stand with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you see in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who gets the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't ask somebody to ask me, do you take a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Buttons are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do you have such bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter personal laughter like mentally, silly stores, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the laughter Kenyan press, applause and applications are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean --  Palestinians don't help prevent disease.
They're hardly monster.   They're far away from extinction.  And my favorite, the blocks have better presence --   There are two kinds of blocks on this planet.
There are the bubbles of the New World who are mainly in the Americas, like the centers and the profits and the old World Browsers, where we have 16 species from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the tribes important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural garbage recognitions.
They clean the cadavers up to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not being for them will extend and cause large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bubbles, the caves are taking three to four times as long as they are to decompose it, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
But bubbles also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the protein and the maternity and along with the cover, they synchronize the unit between the height and the English low.
In the Hindu mythology, Jack was the grandfather of mine, and he risked his life to save the demonstrate of the 192 head of Randalan.
In the Tibetan culture, they do very important stars to open sky -- in places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these blocks provide a system of natural electricity.
What's the problem with the bus?
We have eight substance species in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is they are being sent, and the reason they are being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the passenger communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the blocks are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bubbles are in the critical danger of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years of extraction, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Declaration.
This drug has been forbidden for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there are no bubbles, there's been a spread in the number of dogs in the street vegetables, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge bomb of time for anger, the number of cases of radio has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 performance to be on the top of the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them through half.
They're bird tragedies.
In West Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead blocks to serve the frustration and the fertilizer market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting them together.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bubbles, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can they help? It can become active, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very unconscious creatures -- donating their time to spread the word. It will spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they will report about the bubbles, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bubbles.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do -- and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977 -- young man, but I'm no longer here.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory de Martin, Afghanistan and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we established in Africa failed.
And I was shooting.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we discussed.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Distant of the Zambia," was a project where some of the Italians decided to teach people in Zambia.
So, we came with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Greek River, and we teach local to grow Italian tomatoes and shops, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go out.  We were astonished that the local ones, in so fragile they wouldn't have had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Just time to save the people of Zamba in the hunger."
And of course, everything in Africa is crazy in Africa.
We got these magnificent tactics. In Italy, a tomato will grow this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the values: "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, ladies and red, at night in the morning, about 200 people were happy from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the values: "My God, we had them."
And the values said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why did they not say, "You never ask.
I thought only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans do, what the English did, what the English did, what the English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the helpful of the helpful.
You should see the spreadsheets.  You should see the waste that we gave them to the comfortable people in Africa.
He wants to read a book -- he read "A Dead Demo of Damagy Most, the economics of Valdecs.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've reached the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Lap it from a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are improvisation, collaborative missions, and we treat people only in two ways or the patterns, or we are patents.
The two words come from Latin Latin Pathology, which means "Para."
However, they mean two different things.
Patring, I treat any one of a different culture as if my kids. I want a lot.
Pathology, I treat all of those of a different culture as if I were my services.
So the white white in Africa are called "Babylon: Jew.
That book gave me a slap on the face -- "The Little Thing is beautiful: written by School, who said about all of the economic development, if people don't want to be help, put them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that is not negative?
I decided at the age of 27. I just responded to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never start anything, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? It carries.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of local.
We don't work from offices.
We put together in a coffee. We put together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because no one in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, at once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, at once we heard them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never go on, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified with.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't take their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of business, who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform its passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in waiting, city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this contamination garbage where we came to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can it do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I stand up and I heard them --   So the government says, "Make it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drawing, one of the greatest corporate masses in history, passed at 96 years ago.
Peter Drawing was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Drail says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economics of innovative company."
Planning is the kiss of death of the business spirit.
So now you get recording Christian without knowing what the most car people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy -- it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will go, will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What are you talking more about this morning.
Passionate people. That's what you have added.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- the fully fossil fossil revolution, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The sentence as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nutrition, we educate, we educate, we transport seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities -- forget it."
The government? Forget it.
It's going to be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1860s.
And in 1850, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was uniform? New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population kept growing up to this rate, to train the population of New York to the around, they would require six million horses and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already informed in staircase.  So in 1860, they were designing this dirty technology that would take life in New York.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 100 autonomous manufacturing companies, 1001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few spaces, scales, factories in advanced places.
Default, Michael. Henry Ford Forth.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you constraint.
Otherwise, you're not going to be talking with you.
And then you have to offer them an absolute thing, dedicated -- excited service.
And again, you will have to tell you the truth about how to start.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things magnified: the product that you wish to sell has got to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic commercial, and you have to count with a lovely financial administration.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and observed the 100 companies in the Carnegie world, Western, Edison Ford, Fortune, all the new companies, Google, Yaha.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: no one was started by one person.
Never the word "Me," but the word "OK, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facials, who come from a small business of small businesses sitting in coffee cards, in bars next to their shrimp declines who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epic, somebody who asks you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." I want you to look for somebody someone?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authorities, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more hope to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams.
I live in New Orleans. I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give supermarkets and barrels and deaf from centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives the music to music.  There's a forest in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was suddenly and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for living time.
It gave clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I'm sorry for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let you catch through the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the aid of old and new friends I transformed the wall of this house in a giant pilot and painted on her phrases to complete them, before I die I want to work."
So the trials could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be judged by pitch."  Before I die, I want to sit on horses on the date of decent."
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the network.
Before I die, I want to embrace it once again."
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope and hope of people made me laugh at cameras, and they were disappeared, and they gave me a conversation in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scale ways -- it's about giving the reflection and contradiction, and remembering what is most important to us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now they have been done in countries around the world, like Kansa, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increase distribution, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicate that life.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that we are most power.
Think of the death of clearly our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remons is 22 years old, it's high and very good.
It doesn't talk, but it brings joy better than some of the best speakers.
Remons knows what love.
It automatically shares what happens.
It's not amazing. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about religious differences and look at this: never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to figure out words that I didn't even remember me, reminds me one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very high.
You have the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out every single song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to get my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gagari.
Doesn't it look unbelievable?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit into the concept of normal society, often they are ignored and unexpected.
But the thing that propelled my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, although I wouldn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autonomous term, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes the physical skills.
In each individual is manifest in a different way, from that one that Reef is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that fast increases in the world, there is no cause or any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came into the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I got a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living in his own world, and he was remembering in his own world, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would be in between.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the brothers, the frustration and the endless hypertension, there was something really unique -- an innocent and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice -- a human being that never had ever lied.
Extremely.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, times where I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that would not want to change by normal.
The normal passes by high beauty that give us differences, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of them are wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to Rema and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a donor -- each of us has a gift in their inner and, frankly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what must have been to be Alice in the Mountain country.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was scared.  Summary for truth. scared of these students with his big minds, his big books and their big words and the unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
And so I felt like I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and care of health, between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as scientists have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to respond and so what?
Give us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the trafficking, but they study the tractors, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the optimists.
And when they're describing their science, carefully with the jargon.
The jet is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature: but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them away.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromising ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of getting and excited about their content.
And by presenting his work, forget the battle signs."
They have wondered why they call whales?  What do the bullet be called battle? The bullets kill and they kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's supported too much in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of the Generation Brown example is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of trafficking is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower from the Eiffel Tower at the time.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, legitimate, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then to provide graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what it's described for.
I think these are just some key key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all the media.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of the entire English Oxford is "standards."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "neuroscience means destination policy."
Although there was a personal editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said, "One supplies is the one who looks for a public charge no matter particularly, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a remote vegetable verbal verbal."
I have no idea what remember remember."
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, 1776 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Craughter, who faced Parliament.
He was given on the London Tower and they were incarcerated -- but he had enough courage to face them, and in the end, he had such popular support in London that he won.
And only a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase "The Bolt Sierra Back -- the metropolitan like metal."
Most of you think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America, just after independence independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was defined in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that could have frustrated.
Some wanted to call it Jean de State Washington: and others, "Your Altograph George Washington: and other Defense Freedom Developments of the United States People."
Not very frightening.
Some people just wanted to call it "Reed."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it, they were mountains, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term.
And it could have served it.
The whole world gets immensely tired because this debate is planed for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor sentence, and I always wrote, still with this topic.
What caused the return and the respect was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The Republic of Representatives didn't want Washington to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
They didn't want to call it King by whether he gave him or her dream ideas.
So they wanted to give them the most modest title, more inevitable and more unfortunate title that came to them.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title before, but it only meant somebody who prevents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more great than the term "packaging or "support."
There were the evolved presidents of small colonial teeth and government failure, but it was really an insignificant.
And so the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign up treated and meet with foreign digitally."
"And who would be serious with a title as ridiculous and insurgent as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, Senegal sentences.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to figure out the Senate has never been related to the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- it's possible that we keep waiting for 22 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you with this -- is that the U.S. president title doesn't sound at all as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads to device, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of dry vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story have declared the title of great.
So the Senate won the Senate.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness for then.
But you know how many nations have now present?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So at the end of the Senate won and the Republic of Representatives lost, because nobody is going to feel humble when they tell them they're now the president of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually the reality moves much more the words than what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under a slow mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded out of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the police of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that are talking about, but above all, that cartoon of male bones and stones associated with primitive tools.
Like the other ones, I take a bloody light of standard light to the head with this astronomerally analytical electric electricity, and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
My hand, and I suddenly remember a minority that I met before, which lost control and fell countless meters in that pig.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risking their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're pressure of slavery.
Over the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Cuba.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an interview from French the Silens, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew there was in the world, but not to such a grade.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad. I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this attitude, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a number of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Sierra Derger director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some people, even considered my second home.
But this time, I will sell the dirty tragedes.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people who are enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transitional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can selling entire families per generation by number 18.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find that they're forced to work without paying partners, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disasterized.
Slavery exists in most of the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick horses.
This strange and fortunate show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell.
Immediately in a team of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, families that are wrapped in a heavy mountain of dust, and they claim mechanically brick in their head, to 18 at the same time, and they take them from the armed furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Designed by the monkey and the character work in silence, doing this time again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, or to drink, and the severe disaster made it to be pretty interesting.
So password was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people.
Back in the horses, I wanted to cry, but the abuse that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I explained very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already in.
I had to rely on Frank the Singles and work inside the system for the release and trust that they will.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my own heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles by mountains to the trucks they were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who were causing them and the kids put them into their heads with homes made of sticks, ropes and harbor.
It's hard to prevent something so abstract.
How can we influence something so insidious but so unprecedented?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been so much life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages were collecting their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
When I heard the word self-defense, we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness they warned me that it would be hard to work with security in this particular business.
In Kameny I had women who had been previously sexually slaves.
I was driven by a few senior stairs that gave this dirty station, from funny light.
It wasn't exactly a burden.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restrieting -- as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves with their girls and children, some of only seven years -- they're forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a bomb and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
From foot on the football, I remember making sense of a free acute fear and at that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a salt, the stairs where I came in.
There were no dead doors.
There were no windows enough enough to train.
Those people don't have a scarcity and because we play such a difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery.
There are hundreds of planets in agriculture, in restaurants. In the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens by the way, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families enslaved in silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
Black hands of black are from the father, the blue tissues and the red.
They mix tanks in these big barrels and the silk silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the title is toxic.
My interpretation told me their stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, power out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family family in a ship, two older brothers -- some younger children, makes sense right?
Errone. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their translated families, disappeared and forced to work on extension of extra areas in these boats in the lake, despite knowing swimming away.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up with it was selling, it was that his little boy was started.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees of the trees on the Valley are often catching networks and children, fascinating and with fear, they spread to water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are shoulder.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of their love, it's not going to be helpful, and as all of life has been treated with cruelty.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
In the cold night night.
And it fits that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosov.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a refugee where Frank the Silvans really responsible to slavery.
Kofi symmetries possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
driving by a road in Ghana with South Francisco partners the Silens, a lettering partner with his motor suddenly sped up and rooms on our car and played the window.
He asked us to go through a road road to the jungle.
At the end of the road, he took us out of the car, and he asked the driver to come up quickly.
And then he pointed out this kind of very visible sign and said, "This is the path -- this is the path. Come on!
As we started down, we took the strengths that blocked the path and after walking around a while, we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the picture team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the tune ended abruptly in a clear, and we had in front of a hole of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of slide workers.
A lot of women had the children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were looking at the waters with marketplace.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These mines are enslaved in one wells in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the wells they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at their expensive eyes, wrong, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people load heavy stone bags that will then be transported to another area where they will make the stone so they can extract the gold.
For the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and striking men but if we look closer, the margin we see is working at least lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury and diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the mental training in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When he died, his father took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manhattan inherit the uncle of the uncle that forces him to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines. 14 years and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be adopted.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and nonetheless, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like Francisco the Silvetts, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspired me so much respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world.
I wanted them to know that we will take witness of them, and we will do everything we can to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines -- they're people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, massive, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force goes up a fire, and that fire gives light on slavery because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applied math and there is a peculiar problem for who does it -- we are like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We are delighted by the victims of the whale and the class dancers  that we'll see more ahead.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stripper who, in his time, was a virtuous vacation value.
In the last few years, a lot of progress has been programmed in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 billion people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness and temperatures, reduction and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there really is a cure to be when we have an objective and certain metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement, there are no biological markers, so they don't look at blood analysis and the best we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do it. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves?
He wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional ways to try and think about it, in some sense, at least we are all virtual as my friend Jane Stripper.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as they get sound by talking about sound -- we can imagine as dancers of a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the necessary genes, the Foundation, for example.
And, like the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate as the Parkinson's affect the limbs also affect the vocal organs.
On the bottom line you can see an example of some of the vocal shelters of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice: depression and rediscovering.
The speech becomes more quiet and speed after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these extensions based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They're both precise. Well, but also the based tests are not specialized in voice.
I mean, you can be authorized.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're a minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it comes to mass scale.
These are some amazing targets to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine challenge.
With high-definition monitoring we could get objective data.
We could make massive recruiting record for clinical trials and for the first time, factories facial scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together to Accenture and Malaises, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone or without Parkinson's -- you can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max taking all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
So what will you take out of these shows?
Max Little Mars, yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MS: You see, some people can not pass it. They may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at limit the conflict factors in pursuit of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this time?
MS: much more than that.
Actually, my student Thai, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works in the cell phone network as well, what makes the project, now we have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Number and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MS: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, public.
JL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the even more thin models, the perfect skin even more perfect -- we do the impossible, possible and being criticized in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a true taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was voluntary there, there are Harvard Volmers, it was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Obama.
It's a little fish town located in the Indian school of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble of the channels and the barbers.
We clean schools. We take the slime. We leave the houses ready to be renovated and resistant.
We took tons and tons of dead fish, applied, power of the local factory.
We were installing and loved it.
For weeks, both the volunteers and the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and skin cards.
They all did the same thing.
You pick them up and take them to different places of people around to guide them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had been suffering.
As they did the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village evolution.
He helped clean the communal bathrooms the huge, gigantic gardens.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the evolution center records photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring. I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was moving my horizons.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that had over a hundred years some of them still in the lab, and I couldn't help to think about how record how to fix that resource and repair that radio and know hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started taking the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too structured, but where the water had declared the face of the girl I had to deal with a lot of precision and decline.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the strategic picture.
On the step of time, they came up with a lot more photos, and they needed more computers so it came into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people in 12 countries volunteered to help.
On the course of two weeks, I had 150 people to join up.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Riouance, a neighboring village in northern Arabia.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they took in giving them is a different story, dependent of course the description of photos.
It could be a little bit of an hour. It could be implemented.
It could implement months.
This mile had to draw virtually by hand using the areas of the areas whose color and detail the water had no destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures survived in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil -- all of it together with the step of the time continuing to destroy them, so you clean it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't touch the picture unless it was clean and dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with cleaning hands.
We have the guidance of an admired neighbors.
It's very easy to give you even more pictures of pictures now.
As a Weingely said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman that brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe them up to her but he stopped when he realized he gave them even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild -- we could overcome the images in a single photo and take the whole picture.
When he picked his pictures, he shared some of his history with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the photos on a fire station between the rubble of the rubble that used to be his house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the spread of closing the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Syrians sounded as well.
Her small kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was caught in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day I gave him his photographs his youngest son was 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could come back to look at, something that he could remember from the past that had not been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them helped us clean over 150,000 photos -- the big majority --  -- most of them came back to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 hundred hundreds of totally restaurant and recorded photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear it.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take -- but the first thing we would take to look for.
This was what the project was about, to restore small bits of humanity, to return someone in their connection to the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it has a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the computers.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to give them something, using their talent for something that is not a perfect skin.
To end up, I would like to read this electronic email -- I emailed it Cindy the day I went back from Japan after six months.
As I was playing, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in pictures.
One particular picture, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, moved to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter newborn -- hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor Edge inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that causes an apple in an exhibition of only one millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photograph: metaphorical -- a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow cameras of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the conditions, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually really challenges the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and turn it up and put it into a big selling selling of second, and it is, in several metals to create a picture of just a millimeter wide.
And that picture of photons -- that ball, will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this picture of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do you get those photons into this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   Remember that all of this happens in less than a nanometer is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola.  You have a lot of things in this movie -- you take this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a picture of photons that starts to walk in, and inside, it starts to display.
Part of the light goes down to the table, and we started seeing these forests.
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections at the top of the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several pictures, that the reflective reflections.
Now, if you take a common and crude bullet and you make it go the same distance and you see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would lead us to sit at that movie film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a Slow Black Lindbergh.
And how about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that were behind the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, of a metabolism at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you will realize that, as light would be passed out of the take, it's brilliant. It's not donated.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light register in its inner and comes back after several billions of seconds.
In the future, when this memorized membrane is in its mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is marriage without having to touch it.
So what do we create this camera at MIT for?
As photographers you know, if we take a low exposure picture, it comes very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition -- so I just will get some light.
We sent that battery, that photons of photons and millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very remote civilization, we took those data gifts and we trained them to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all those data in raw and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a supermarket would allow him to see after the rings?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Record, go into the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light returns.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left is our memorizer.
Behind the wall, there is a handle and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commitments.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this fast, our memorizer, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to how much distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture in brother, which you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like this, and we take images of images, we will try and analyze the multiple light bounce, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that are avoiding collision with what's going on on the back of the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build out copies able to see the inside of the body by providing objects, and the same thing for the cardiors.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite hard, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about metaphor as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Dr. Edge himself, himself a scientist, turned the science into art, an art of distributed photographs.
I realized that all the giant data giants that we collect are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computing photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billions of seconds.
But here is something fun too.
If you look at the waves underneath the door, they get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order in which the events occur in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding data of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell cell can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to South American and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a 1880s and I live in Berlin City.
So let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting in pursuit of a change.
This is the fall of 1989. Imagine if all these people together who protest in search for change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Take them.
Raise your mobile phone, get it."
Look at it. An Andrew, a Blackberry, wow."
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 8,000 lines of information.
Data in brother.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a conductor.
The Data Deterior Director.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider across Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who sends an email to.
Who sends a text to who sends a text.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in its phone company or its Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data retination.
We want the local startup in the digital age, and we don't want the phones to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, safety, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberals, no fear."
And some people even said this would be the Star 2.0 States.
The Station was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, District Telescope, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, that please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I got them back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are practicing my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Denniss Telescope said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the introduction for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly ugly with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand different lines of information.
At first, I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit sculpture, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I'm doing the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data feedback means.
So, next to shouting Older English and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm from France in train to California, and what often I call in the trajectory.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's about all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one call the other, and the other one, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate to each other what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Station would have known who involved in this protest, and if the Station had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall would never have happened.
And as a result, I don't have the Home Cortine.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But self-assembly and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight for the stuff.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not passed from fashion.
When you go home, tell your representatives that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones to remember they have to fight for the self-speaking in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
I call myself Mayan Zagelent, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, associating the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, that's why I mean all the time.
Look at it.
It's abandoner. I'm like a Shakespeare mix of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad Allow.
The P. C. is not genetics.
It's not conventional or it can be found.
Nobody keeps my mother's boat and I didn't catch it because my parents were cousins, although they are.
It only happens for accidents, like the one that happened to me when I was born.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas centers, they're in the commercial center, they drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little distributed?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P. C. is just one of them.
There will be an Olympics of openness, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a paleontologist, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, you should be doing it.
I'm from Park Clinton, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "No way."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it. Dan cancer."
If my three older sisters, I was crying.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they made sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't take all the most most of us, we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five by putting my talents on their feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to take a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The syndrome that I wear inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the childhood garden was walking like a bottle camp that has received many blocks.
By growing, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and the politicians would think of appropriate to use Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry very much that it would die of hunger during the rational.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating -- so I'm going to help the dawn of taking care of it is very easy.
Bang took it in Broadman.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with cats, or I can walk with cars.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used cars, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I was spending my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mandela.
In the summer vacation of summer often my father tried to save me, so I drank my breath milk, they put me out of hot cups on the back, I immersed on the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it works.
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga it was a store comet that I couldn't stand on "Age ...
And now I can stand on my head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the Tell Hospital General Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I walked in all of the groups.
It was like the family department of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I made all the least intelligent tasks -- I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to do a work called Valina very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paradigms.
I was a girl with brain paradise.
So I started screaming at the four winds -- "He finally will have a role.
I have brain paradigms."
At the end of the free."
Thanks to God, I am all free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Sherhau Brown Brown.
I went to increase running into the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes -- neither can the character.
It was a role for which I literally was born and gave it to an actress without brain paralysis.
University was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a Swiss story of hearing actors without disability for disabled patterns.
When I got home, I went home, and my first environmental tour was like strangers on a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be a store of "composed to better friend in a song.
Instead, I was there as a garden -- I didn't see myself more than the next, and it was obvious for me that the repair directors didn't hire fat, no white, disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Gold, Rosetta Barry, Elleg, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comet.
That's why I made myself humiliation.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoon from New York to New Jersey, and I never forget the face of the first comics I took when I fell at the account that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked on clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the East East, without censorship and without selection.
Some people say I'm the first monology in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Ovals, and I launched the New York City Festival in New York City now in his 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in communication media, and at the same time remind them to the repair principals that South and Arab are not silent.
Interestingly integrating Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the station of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I went as invited to the cable news program by Keith Olympics.
I walked as if I went to a graduate dance, they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
And I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?"
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the secret, and when I finished the interview, I was placed.
I finally had my opportunity and despair -- I knew they wouldn't get me.
But not just Mr. Blore came back to me, but I was kind of a full-time party and pasted my chair.
One thing that I learned in direct with Keith Bloomber was that people on the Internet are scare.
It's said that kids are crushed, but they never would be survival of me or a child or a great.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a business object.
I see online clips with comments like, "Why carrying out?
"Is it store?
And my favorite, "Poor Bolizatian Born.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it."
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my curriculum, guide, comedian, paradigm.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beethoven, then Beck can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the -- yeah, clap -- man.
The disabled, we are the largest minority in the world, and the most underlying world in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My typical journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet of the lens of the Tell Susan Luxon and the black Lord Arbert.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sandahi and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Mathematic.
And I went through the world by saying, "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was convicted in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And I founded the Minister of Magilian," a charity organization to give children reputational records a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I devote this talk to his memory.
"Permaner in peace, day."
I call myself Mayan Zagay, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
He lives in a small town to South Somalia.
This town is near Mostn.
The droughts drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the invasion.
Without anything for him there, he goes to the great city, in this case, Mother, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no workplace.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mostn.
After maybe a string year, nothing.
One day a lady is approaching a gentleman that offers him to lunch him, after he dinner, to despair.
It knows a bunch of people who give him a descendant.
It gets a little money for you to buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
They present a young guy.
I finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mostn, under a blue sky -- started a car bomb.
That little boy of the small town with dreams of the great care was the suicide bomber -- and that dynamic group of people were to Shake, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how about the story of a little boy in a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him immunization?
He was waiting for.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he did.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call "the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized urban young urban urban young people who are despite riots in Johnson, disappointed in London, who look for something beyond the waiting period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of well-being, but the young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the waiting period: the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the pandemics, to be the story of the cities 2.0 cities.
And in my city of birth, Mostome, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, don't go to school.
They do virtually nothing.
I went back to Mostna last month, and I went to visit the Madagascar hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the back of that hospital and balanced by thinking, and if I never would have been gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same waiting period?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure.
The reason I was in Mohamment that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders in a corporate company.
I assembled about 90 Somali leaders leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Arab.
He went to the University of Mostna, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recovered.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mostn, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Single years of civil war have completely destroyed the whole system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And he saw an opportunity and applied it.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started collapsing motorcycle methods who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this different story do?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurial spirit, and I think the entrepreneurial spirit can be the most powerful tool against the hope of waiting."
It fascinates young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately looking at it.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Modan, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative building.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mother has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers flower?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
A company of landscape and flower design.
He created a farm outside of MoMA, and he started growing televisions and lights, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Mostn.
And he started the flower of flowers for food, creating gardens in the homes, and the companies of the city, and now he's working on the creation of the first public park of Mozart in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mostn.
He wants to create a space where families can go together, and as he says, to smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow rocks because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be artists of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They took business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put it into their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, give them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park is how he calls it, when he's created, transforming the way people see their city.
He hired kids from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paradigm of waiting for sperm period."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs and feed and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories on flowers and parks of the peace than buses and waiting periods."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam mountains, an Arab area north of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun would make the leaves shine as a virtual, and not be the path that we went on, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a coral in a risk with a beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage, there was a basement, about four square feet with a beetle of automatically rotten balloon paper balls, and it was old.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to get what they had done, who thought he was going to clean their bat?
That question followed with me, and it was just a little bit simple.
Who cleans our bat?
No matter how you organize or where you put your own out of our basket in Starine?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Sanitah Department of Health cleans our garbage by 11,000 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interview.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage player.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And I operated the mechanical scans and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you think, and in the days that it's very strong, you get used quickly.
It costs a lot of used to use the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to adjust to the weight of their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous concepts in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and coming into the traffic all day and you're going around you around you.
They just want to pass up, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of garbage.
When you get out of the corner and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming from.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think the records of waste are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health projects.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective form every day, this starts to be distracted from your container containers and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
We had diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries back to travel and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have space for the new thing that the motors in the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism. I just signal its relationship.
And then there's what I call our average new speed necessary.
With it, I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about ourselves, we don't repair or replicate, or we take our cup of coffee, our ball of the sentences, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them out, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literal.
They're on the street every day, a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you want to wait.
And their work allows us to make our work.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves from our own waste, our destinations, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as I did all the mills.
And he tried to thank her work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just attached, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the record collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Paulo, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to recover the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account all the costs -- even the very real human cost of the labor of labor.
Music waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- they represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next ones you see someone whose work is to clean the garbage of you, to take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives is becoming an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abuban.
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals are generating heat on the interior, so you need a lot of formation.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really carbonated with the ancient market that is this free air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers every day.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspired the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where most of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclusive agency that creates a free air space in the building that is substantially, by its own form, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I went to think about a time that was similar to a heroin cardiology in order to allow the input of the air, and also from light, but in a filtered way.
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons of the externals of the Ethiopian station.
They have fractal geometry, and this helped me model the factor.
We're building that with these little profitable pieces that are the windows that let us pass the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
And this is really completely completely engaged with these little crystals of color that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
And with these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because ultimately there was more local to sell.
And also, the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings on the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parts in the roof, which in conjunction collect water for the internal sanitations.
You wait for the first year, because we're going through the constitution floor.
The second example is a teacher plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the bigger that I ever designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also their environment, their tradition and the culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets by creating 12 similar blocks in size and features to which there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards with these legs.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of dead doors with straight lines, and this changed the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation.
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we took a scheme that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with pages, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the peacekeepers.
And it also responds to local norms that are established by higher density in higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to deliver the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can climb and socially, and make things like running a two miles in the morning, or jumping out of one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies to the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had large amounts of hair, very bright hair and a little piece of police, cute. It was strong enough for states of states, very good for orbit.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I took my sinister plan.
One day I got a time after the school came out of school, I was a little bit afternoon, and I hid in the girls of girls.
When the coast was stopped, I went out, I entered the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the saladin book.
And then, I did.
All the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just some of them.
All of the things.  And I was headed to bring the book to the cardle and to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a borders, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows of God and myself a row of it, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good at it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was destroyed obviously.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I was missing the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for orbit.
I'm intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so password.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also primates, the blue birds are very profound.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of components in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that serves the solution, or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory in which the cells are studying in all of their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no cells, I would have also no literature.
Well, there would not be Helvetica the infinite, no "Weight."
There would be no cell king and "The 1,000 and a night.
There were no Shakespeare.
The high school reading lists, because we were losing "The Red and the Furstan: there would be no "games or "Fights: we would lose "Master's Boltzmanney and "Angeles" K."
Without jealousy, there is no Prostate -- I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost all of them.
This year is about 100 years of their masterpiece, "The most excited study of the sex cells and also of ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prostate, we have the simple details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnetic magnetic in your landscape.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget how implicit it is.
I mean, it was about books that Virginia Wolf said they were so hard as a cat crap.
I don't know what cat glass is, but suppose it's superconductor.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells, the cells and Project.
Will it be very obvious as the cells, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their improvisations, are a simple narrative base based?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being in the narrative and audience, we know exactly what details to include to charge the knife -- right?
The cells make us all non-sense novels, and that's something that Project understood.
Everything she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts telling himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single sentence that St. detailed in his lover, adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sweden and Proust were notoriously cell.
You know, Proves the Prostate YouTube would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are allies.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are nutrients of information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big shelters of bright hair and the cute and small station of police.
The cells are removed from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful.  And I propose the language of the academic language with the cells.
When Shanghai is in its clothes suddenly hear behind the doors and bribed to the service of his lover -- then he depends on those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is reputation, but it's not different from the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monument."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Prove is trying to prove that the cells look intriguing and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search of truth, poor truth. In fact, to what Project concerns -- the more painful.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, the loss -- these were the pathways towards Province.
He says, "A woman who we need, that it makes us suffering, causes us a range of a lot more profound and vital than a wise man that can be interested in it."
Is it telling us that we are going to look for created women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal us to ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such permanent intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very income young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman was transported him.
And Freud says there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under support without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing themselves that was unintended behaviors.
Do you smile too much, or do you accidentally do it with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the constant of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intensely cells we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael of 52 years old was captured for having created a fake account on Facebook from which he was sent by vitalizations, horrible to itself, for a year.
This is for a year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to trust that when or this, they react to admiration with administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big, even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Nazi Highway novel.
Himalayas is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of "The Extra on a Trending and The Taliban Mr. Richard, books that are trying to get the cells, trust our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punch in an instant.
We take Tom Richard, her most famous character.
Tom Rimarian is going to want to want or want what you have to take care of you and you can get away from what you ever had, and it's under the floor, you respond to your name, you bring your rings up, you empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Richard.
I can't give everybody to the world, as much as I would like to be.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in times of cells.
I mean, we're good citizens of social media, where is the currency the environment? Right?
The novels show us the salt? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to 2014 from Baker Street and ask Steven Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the driver in Professor Morah, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred to the Lesterland Lester, the head face of School Arab who needs Hollywood desperately desperately needs the George genius, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Leseur needs his help, but it turns out it residents and bubble with three-dimensional one in the mission.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Sixty Napsavas adventure -- once Hollywood comes in, unfortunately every single solution, Lester goes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not cells, Mr. Hollows.
We're proud of you."
And it tells you that there's no person at School Arab who wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood programmed in history. I think this is very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a problem of geometry without emotion.
You know, in a monkey minute is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute they're on the same side.
All of a sudden, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being he resistant.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really a subject of geometry, just a question where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to feel about the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the continent plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to make us.
Only fiction is declined by the cells.
The fiction alone domestications, invites them to the table.
And look at what he apply? Leader Lester, the store Tom Richard, the crazy Standan, the same Martin Prosthet.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the London 11 colonize of Apollo 11 and disappeared on the Mars of Transance.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the low-cost surface was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobility in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people, and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, which Alexander after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the most old one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of back," 381 kilos of old rocks, and something that the 24 would be explained next, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why did they go? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy, some questions, why the Moon?
Why do we turn it into our goals?
And you might also ask, why would you scale the mountain higher?
35 years ago, why would you fly over the Atlantic.
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple but because they're hard.
Jason Ponty: For the contemporary, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder at the transparency of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do that.
The land in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tribes.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the cops are eradicated, and the smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Turkey in 1970 called an academic force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a candle ship -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew down to 40,000 miles per hour.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the track of Apollo 10, and the optimism optimist on the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that the problem that we imagine is going to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world's population seem to be intrinsically internationally.
I remember seeing the rise of Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me to look at the escape tube called the Saturn S.
I knew that this would be the last money minister, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard this over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated window.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they've created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel are funded Michael, Microsoft and Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the cultures, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused to change the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak point without worrying about risk, they preferred little investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. they've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that would never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biologist. Less than two percent, and reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biologist.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. There are no exist.
Now, technology, entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and international treaties will include the development of alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy from the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, they don't have to be.
We know from time that females are result of failure in the food repair time.
But 30 years of research have taught us that females are political crisis that actively affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like cards or the systems for storage and food repair -- but there will be famine.
Finally, big problems sometimes eliminate a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared cancer in 1973, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer -- some terribly resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have been presentation, the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem -- institutions should support the solution, it must really be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, it has to do with those criteria.
But it's a predictable model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no gay competition as in the Cold War, there's no politician like John Kennedy who has a hard thing to do, and the dangerous thing, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reading you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a recovery: there's been a huge decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task," we should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task have been interrelated.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recovery, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, we recognize it, why people think that trust has driven?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I encourage myself to think that it may have led to some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, still inspired the same disconnect.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago they continue to be pretty confidence, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen on the street is almost exactly half of the road.
But is this enough?
What the opinion polls record is, of course, opinions.
What else can you recover?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Do you trust the real?
Do you trust fisheries?
In the primate teachers?
You probably started to ask, to do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of them, but in others not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deploy trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of office, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give the kind of reading, but no way to drive school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open good inherent judgment in the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will follow.
I would aim to have more confidence in what it is to trust, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a part of not trusting what it's not reliable.
And I think that those people who were defending their savings with the very closely named Mr. Mathematica, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Department of and denied intelligence -- that's the right target.
Once you tell it, it says, yes, okay, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible.
And if we find that a person is competitive in personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends that are competent and honest, but I won't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're obsessive.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm happy to say I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely destinator.
If it's like that, I still haven't been stuck.
But that's what we're looking for, trust before it trust.
The trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And, of course, it's hard.
Over the last few decades, we've tried to build account systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative role than to attend the story in itself.
And we found the same problem in all our public and institutional lives, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trust and trust evidence -- actually it's doing the opposite.
What they do is do the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, by explaining to you that the chairs are the cases, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, all of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust, and we will convey to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or policies are really worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes that don't do properly.
Third, task.
I would call the task to rebuild trust, put things into the background.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of the trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is different because we give them other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough so they can trust you.
You have to be a worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't dig up, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to add happy evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials -- very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give them without giving explanations.
And I take them up and get them back into the money, or change them by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're aiming is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is in the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be disappeared.
This separation has become reducing, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
I first created this tool that is inside digital space, so that when the strong opinion against the screen transfers its physical body to species.
Designers can maximize their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers are broken.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Microsoft Appler in Microsoft, along with my mentor Kate Boulder, he was redisciplinating the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a shelf.
You can take the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that there is down every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we are in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Sure, many of us will have bought and determined things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual protest on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transmitted when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
How would it be a future like that?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Island and my collaborator Remote Post, we created this only physical pixel here.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as well as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we put gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical action and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach processed cooking and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement, physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbooks -- this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating is that changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to tell ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Haiti, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the passions on it.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was just a certain path towards happiness -- safe work and remarkable.
No matter whether the work would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese forest.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A singer singer should start training from a very young person to learn the accessible, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote the school director and a radio program.
But no adults was missing the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another volume.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went to the books.
"Baby "The Standards of Samantha -- "Al" Ross Simpsons" -- "The History of No Human History, and what was the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
The Good Earth is about Chinese characteristic life.
And it's not propositionally propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's one issue for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reverse," "Homes to your father and mother."
Honor: I said, "It's so different, and much better than giving."
So it became my tool to come out of this conflict of conflict and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave rise to my comparative reading habit.
And I set a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never happened that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contract, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try to get people out of Black Francisco from Walter Israelis from David McCallon who were involved in a same situation, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the tensions are economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychologists, lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Channel Turkey Thomas Metrophys Metrocur: The path of the Tanzanit Alan Watson" instead I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means fast "layer: Jay."
And "No Congress" in Chinese, literally means new mother, Ohano.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I will not feel only or impossible.
Having a destinative dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered from.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect us with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a messy dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, that today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So, books always pick them out.
Thank you.
Thank you  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy clients.
I was a home student in clinical psychology at Berkeley.
She was a 27-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a holiday tower, and he turned into the couch of my office taken off the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so alligator.
My classmates had a pyramid as a first client as a first client.
And I got a container that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the story stories that Alex brought the sessions, it became easy only to move my head while we went back the solution.
"The Thirty are the new considers," he said, Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start to work later, you have kids later, you have kids later after it.
For conditions like Alex and I had a time of it.
But shortly after, my survivor pressure me to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, he's coming up with guys under his category, and he takes a head help, but it's not like she was going to marry him."
And then my survivor said, "I don't know yet, but maybe it's married with the next.
In addition, the best time to work on Alex marriage is before he goes over."
This is what psychologists call a "Adam moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to be, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20s that were the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life but for careers and families and future conditions everywhere.
There are 50 million conditions in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent of the population, if you consider no one comes to adulthood without passing before for the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the containers here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with conditions, you love a continue, you take your dream a continuous, I want to see. It's fine. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments -- that shape his life to have happened to be 30 and so many.
People in over 40, don't come into panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up the second and last stage of growth in its 20s and replace for adulthood, which means that if there's something that they want to change themselves, now is the moment to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times for their 20s than at any time of life, and we know that female fertility comes to their pitch at the age of 28 and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and your common life has a hidden impact in the person that will become the best.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the cars are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20s a extended adolescence.
People are taking ridiculous names to the conditions like "the "Taliban] and "HIV/AIDS."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a tradition that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernania said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true?
What do you think it happens when you give you sticks on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and is absolutely nothing.
And then every day, you get smart, smart, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as it starts a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for finishing and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from the university.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the chair game.
They all run and they fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music broke off, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30."
Where are the continuity here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the three, and so many of you start a career, choose a city, pick up a partner, and have two or three children in a much longer period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible and there are research that starts to show -- which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at 30.
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
It tells you that you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and quarters look at themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20s, "What was he doing? What was he thinking?"
I want to change what the containers are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or the entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so spent the last few years working as a mistake.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult 200, their previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions -- but then she lifted herself by saying, "One doesn't choose his family, but he can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
He just bought a new library for a director, and he had spent the whole morning reading it with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words "In emergency case -- please call it "a "Augustic."
I was at the point of history when I saw myself and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I give myself cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "I me.
What Emma needed was not a traffic that really would be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit as the decade of Emma was going in front of it.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of us, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that crisis of identity and get identity.
For identity, I mean doing something that adds value to its person.
Doing something that's an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emmanuel career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interface, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not discussing the exploration, I'm discussing the exploration I should not count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's prosthesis.
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and I would tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survey.
The best friends are excellent to take you into the airport, but the contained ones that are together with friends with similar minds are limited by who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from the nearest circle.
The new things come from what's called weak friends friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the conditions have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way we collapse to this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job for a job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
For the last but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but like a continuity, Emma soon to choose his family, when he has a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think 30 is better age to sit mind than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But choose to the person that you live with now or take you right now when everybody on Facebook starts to walk down is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone who is that you choose them to you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked back at that principal, and she found the fourth of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend, which I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events in museums.
This is a man who elected consciously consciously.
He loves his new career, loves his new family, and I send myself a letter that said, "Now the spaces of emergency contact are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with windows.
It's very easy to help you.
The contaminations are like planes coming out from the airport of Los Angeles, which come out somewhere in the West.
Right before the layer, a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Spain.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at the age of 29, a good design, a good design TED can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the containers you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling you to conditions like Emma every single day, and the terms are not the new 20, they claim their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties -- they choose your family.
They don't want to define why they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in the management of a work that was even more expensive, the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York public schools.
And like any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the job goes back, it calculated the grades.
What struck me attention was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no players of I.Q. structures.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh degrees, secure, are hard, proportions, decentralized, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the enough.
After several years of doctor, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
But what if we succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging stage, and in every study, my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the West Academy West Pacific.
We tried to predict what cards would remain in the military training and who would remove.
We went to the National Cancer contest and tried to predict what kids would move out of the most far possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really hard neighborhoods, wondering what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those of those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students' learning results?
We partnered with private companies, wondering, what about these marketers are going to keep their job point?
And who is going to make more money?
In all these very different context, a feature came up as a major predictive of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It was not the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the CEO.
It was determination.
Detection is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future reality.
Detection is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaires and then waited around over a year to see who they were graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when they were able to get into every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the Delta National contest in which the determining matter, it's also in school, especially for children at risk of able to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long picture?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at the University of Stanford by Carol Dalla, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not former, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dalla has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in the challenge and they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a big idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all back with the lessons learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a captain, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an authority, it seems as improvisation as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can slow this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day over the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and very simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic alphabet.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough enough to read traffic signals, messages of restaurants to understand the basic idea of the websites or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible, until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
Perfect.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was shouting in a fresh way, "Audience: I'm being short? This symbol actually is original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to make a lot more characters.
A person.
If somebody walks back, that's going to go."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multiply.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is caught up.
It's a prisoner -- like Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, you have the files.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a "check."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty identical.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, it becomes very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two solutions together, property.
Three together, those are distances.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright one.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. They will simulate.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the clothes of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did there be someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing down, evolving.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, get care is adults.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical radio will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing that learns an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we began to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to origami, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile. Because the Chinese empires would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a salt.
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gleening, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand, a magnificent magazine.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy.
However, Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took four years later with constantly, and interestingly, another film whose proteins -- a metal boy and a happy boy rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There is a big difference between these two movies, there are a couple of big differences between the Ooh, and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
Monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Mac magician was made today, the magician would say, "Dorade, you are the savings of Oz as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the army generated by computer bandala.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing from the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even vibrations are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
Only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  And so he stopped in the room and he was impressed as a mom standing with his legs behind him, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but unfortunately, he absorbed everything.
I wonder what it does.
Is it a matter of value, perspective and leave?
Would it have the feeling that Luke is a military to draw the government?
We compare this with the 1999 magician.
How do you win Dorage your movie?
By making good messages with everybody and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little on the yellow brick path.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and you should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this storm.
I know for experience that the Leah princess doesn't provide the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults that are mirror.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the viewer and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost as if because it's a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, although they, the boys, are not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the parallel, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Herrie and Kateimers, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after classical -- each of them about a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who are a little girl.
Until a lot of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out loud.
I recommend it to all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when Vermeer came out.
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a press.
It's very good. Don't let that stop you."
Well, almost none of these films pass the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alice Beck is a comic drug, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie.
Their conversations are about something more besides the guy than so much?  Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality movie, Arab.
Right? Romans from Oscar -- tag success, a idea of consensus of what a Hollywood movie film is.
Virtually it doesn't happen the Beck test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the crisis crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this ecologist, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, you come to bed, wardwother?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular films, how many of them believe they have female protons?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then is fine.
But there's a bigger number than this one that is going to do this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music videos or pornography are closely linked but something wrong with it, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual authentics.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What don't they do to learn.
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness as a power person, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask, is a power going to protect you if, at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their male power.
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
Mallusion definition is radically changing.
You have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the assault.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars was like, you know what he responded?
Nobody Olyot.
Negaderia, Kenya and Gleep.
What are these two the common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anybody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son is telling my child, "Go see and struggle only and more stories where you see that his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked the most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these counts.
They're covered in sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally, when I started studying ecologist, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles of length.
And my sea cookies had grown into the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared information.
This is a place located in the Eastern Delta of Egypt called Beijing.
And the place, in the naked eye, seems to be brown but when we use infrared and process it by using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright bomb.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the old Egyptian activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Italy was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Falye, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egans have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicate inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge all of the helicopter planning.
This area is enormous. It's about six miles per 4.5 miles.
Before, the Nile flew right next to the Italian side of the Italian and as it changed over time, it went into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find this random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a shot, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and baseball.
So we use NASA Google data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Bible was flow.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this area slightly elevated that you see within the circle here, that we think it could be the location of the Italian.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show work, and you can see it here.
When I say a show -- it's like the ice shots in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters down, underneath a thick law of sound, we found a dense layer of complex objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five feet down, we have a capital layer of several hundreds of years that date from the Middle Empire exactly the same period that we think is Italy.
We also found the jobs of the -- correction, quarter and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry of jewelry there.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that comes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a jewelry jewelry that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find the Italian here, but we'll go back to place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also perform big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all voices.
There's nothing like that on land.
So what it looks like, TED wasn't founded in 1984  C.
Because the ideas happened really started in 1984 to C, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of your home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's done.
Now visualizing a group of obese noises in bicycle.
They're competing in a cure of bicycles and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need to look at this really.
They're putting strong, they're sweating a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in abstract places. They pass the door threshold.
And the lobby, or what there is the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light -- the light light on the Moore's Moore's Moore.
It's waving with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that's talking about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them come in the nose.
You can smell the blood cookie and you go on to get into the mouth.
They go on the side and train their living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Speeds.
He's with a little clothes, dancing over his center of center, singing "Haitin's Baby & Morga Time."
Now let me look at the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven, coming to you, Dorage, the Mandela Man and the Leone of "The Oscar Magic: stopped by hands, jumping towards you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the U.S. Memory "Carrot."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping -- I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different habitats of sanitation.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a neighborhood of a neighborhood.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coke who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Well, when do you realize you were a sanitation?
He said, "I am not a saber.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing outside the hall of competition, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- he said, Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney September?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a living bar in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney September, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up spending most of the year not only training my memory, but also researching my memory, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E..
He's amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed me to see what extent our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peak. He was based on Purpose Hospic paper in the movie "Rando Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the Salt Lake City public library, by mixing the phone guides -- it was central.
And by coming back, a number of treaties on the written memory does something more than 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of being trained and disciplined and cultured wasn't a thing as rare as it might look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the latest places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this very unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so singular -- there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it to have brains in some ways, structural or analytically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow, found that in memory champions were lit parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used to, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive marketing is handled as an armed career where each year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day.
This is my friend Ben Prince, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 developed names of names that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he mastered it.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 445 random binary diagnosts.
In half hour. Yes.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used in the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call "traditional competition."
It illustrates with a paradoxically known paradox known as the Balboth paradox. (Back says the following: I say to two people who remember the same word. I tell you. I mean there's a man called Baker."
That's his lap.
And then I ask them, remember, there's a battle "black."
And when I come back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word I told you about a while ago?
Do you remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Bahama is unlikely to remember the same word as the person he was told that his work is "Bating."
The same word, different capability. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bagay, doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Batinoship." We know pandsoms.
They use simple white shadows.
They have a handle in their hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we began to put an active aircraft to fish them in some given time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "muscle" of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simones that attended a band.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before you wanted to give a very good party, you don't bring a DV, you would hire a poet.
He stood out of foot, he received his memory poem, and he got married, and so soon he was, the bank room turned down.
Put it to everybody.
But not only does it kill them all, but they destroyed the bodies by giving them remote.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they could not be able to bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Symphonies, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting every winter.
He took the family from the hand to take her to where their loved ones were being loved between the rubble writers.
What Simon has invested at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter if we're good at remembering names or phone numbers or interfaces of the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I ask you to take the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Simones, is very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But it would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the shoe horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and to cover it from images with things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, delusion, funny, expanded and application is the picture, more inequality to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treatments, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin,
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it memory in the same way that City had done if you'd invited it to TEDTalk 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And to make some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and invisible image to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely insulin competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Mola of the Galapagos mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Coke.
And then you would see Britney September to remind them that funny anecdote who wants to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for words, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical typical.
In fact, the typical term comes from the Greek Greek, which means place."
It's a versus when people thought about the organization and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms.
The phrase "for the first place, it would be like the first place in your memory pale.
I saw that this was just fascinating. And I got back on that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something weird about this subculture of competitive memorized.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
In a sense, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking tests, I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody is mapped in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat at the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem or the names of an ancient school man bought in a football market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was trained, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What this is actually about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, prostitutions, ribs, analogies and inside of the eye of mind.
I was pretty hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of predators and a couple of security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year earlier. I had the idea that I could increase in a kind of participatory personalization.
I thought this could serve a good ecology for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memories of memory or memorize barriers of national neighborhoods, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Big memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we paid attention.
We remember when we focus deep.
The memory pallianting. These memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, it's not even real roofs.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of them don't want to go through there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things make memories.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, is what E. American I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence by losing us in Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks to our side. We'll be so molecular that we don't even bother in processing deeply?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we're going to give only a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N.K. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Linisheans, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balance that gave the living room.
And there they all spent the time looking at the television, and so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I gave myself and I went back into a towel -- everybody looked at me.
And I was like that.
It was trust, and I hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balloon, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Really.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, no division of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy in the places.
And it's not surprising that we were sitting in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
You know, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what evolves you -- you think of power, "Star and democracy."
And I know you think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a desperate that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection -- we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these standard soldiers, solid soldiers, front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urban and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Linishes that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, collapses, red brick -- that let the interviews try to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished by another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the piece.
On one side there is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life.
We drive, we drive and push so much, that we are completely removed from people.
All black, this depends on us, you think we feel very well, but we're dead around because we don't have another option.
We have to go to the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like traditions, so we start to experience the bottom of back to ahead and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the blocking crying."
It has to do with the concrete.
You can guess that.
Small windows on a distinctive scale.
Something really hard.
So we get closer to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the piece back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that they like and we update them.
We add and add pastes and use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We take Chicago weapons, and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be measured cases of glass.
The forms were attached, they won in audacity and colored.
The Indians became columns.
Cities grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers -- we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
Maybe with a symphony of bread.
This is what happens with post-conflict.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, because instead of creating new spaces, we recreate memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Toran.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start to make the paper based on the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democracy.
We waste the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques that are held by computers, and we find ourselves with new composers, a few ways that are star against other forms.
This is academic and embrace, and it's super popular. You have totally excited.
Normally, the operating piece of new in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guanga of Bilbao from Frank Gembert.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golla said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academic and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times healthy this mission building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2.5 percent when the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spinal New York, Claimona.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical stuff, how is it possible to become media around the world?
And it happened, because the media was graduated around them and quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new millennia.
I went to Zamba and Liberia, and what happened with these little elite architects on the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all the architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about how you eat architecture.
A thousand years ago, they had to have walked down to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be turbulence.
The technology access. You can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
You need a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before you know whether the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The British was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were determined.
That's never going to happen again. I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or steel or elevator revolution, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pollution to the media, it starts to dark faster and faster, until it gets to be in both extremes almost in simultaneously, and it takes the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instincts, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Penebots in Sierra Island, in New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was over, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the end of the product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that does corrections with collective memory, and by changing these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search for new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's monitors.
Monopolism that can lead to the mayor of Linisheans, people of Livingstones, and tell them that there's no single answer to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use fantastic words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a developed audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't let you be allowed by architecture.
That means that the optimistic piece of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that are facing society.
This is the end of the architecture story, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Several cities can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will ultimately be ready for the forms that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are molded into the capital of nature and not the other.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the East Rio in New York City, and to raise half a million dollars of the community around that cause, is no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bank pavilion -- as muscle and fiber as animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make buildings more ecological and smarter and more love.
We've been waiting for all of you to want it.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect and control them and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the standard of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stanford.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it makes it great, typical of the children in a year, wingsification, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that he likes to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He leaves and killer, and he gives himself those big baseballs and high-primed.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of their friends do this and my mom tells me I used to do it. And he made me think, when do you stop doing this?
How suddenly are we not going to work with our appearance approved?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I grass?
This is Fah, it's 13 years old and lives in Dener.
And like any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, although his mom tells him all the time that he is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what your mom tells you and what your friends or your friends, you say, you don't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of her and publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I favorite?
Well, until now, F has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so destination, it's not even worth thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the most vulnerable stages of his most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They are under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about, cold, giving me like, starting sharing, sharing, publishing, this is never over.
We never have been so connected before, continuous way, instantly, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in his room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected, is adding our kids to substantial based on the number of "I like the things they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it is true or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated digitally, which is manipulated.
What is the most prominent thing in someone in front of someone in front of a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news of the girls now.
Zero card models continue to dominate our speech.
The technique of the lure is now a routine now.
And trends like the Stanford, Steven, Subation and a store.
For those of you who know it, a prostate means professional.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of the sports supermarket, and the store singers ...
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our kids to grow healthy and be very balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and others start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the class debates -- they help to participate in the classroom arguments, because they don't want to call attention for their physical performance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see you good enough if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your partners who don't care about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it is regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So to make it very clear, we're talking about how you look at you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also reducing health.
Textiles with time self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they are in higher risk of depression.
And we think this is why you make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diets. aesthetic districts, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and spiritual damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher application rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a work interview in one day where they don't feel secure with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
releasing this potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking to itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs without realizing the situation.
So, we must make sure that the program that follows our children not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical parties for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires from each of us that we take the rooms in the issue, and we are a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
Characteristic the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the disruption of our politicians in hair slices or the size of their chest, or to imply that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look like.
We can all start by doing it by using responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, "When was the last time you had a mirror had?
In short, we have to work together as communities, like governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children are growing up valuing their whole person, valuing the individual, diversity, inequality.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference on a department.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because we just will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they are never remembering them from being who they are, or achieving what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who is in mind?
Is it your wife.
A sister?
To your daughter day?
Her forest? To his friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats of distance -- what would it mean for her if she was released from that subtractive voice in his interior, who encouraged him for not to have long legs -- more thin.
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would say risk to its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is bringing us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's think about the way that you see it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small tragedies of an age of today, they become safe change agents themselves.
Let's do it.
On November five in 1990, a gentleman called SLA So I walked into a hotel in Manhattan and attend to Rabbi Metro Kahandrea, the Leader of Defense Ladies.
We initially found it innocent -- but being presented by other minor charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York City, including tunnels, synapses and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by a FBI informant report.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb at the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later we would be convicted of his participation in that attack.
SLA is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, a primary school teacher, between the two made all possible for giving me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims -- come to know.
So for experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get to want to want the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so apparent to their convictions that they think we have to use all the possible media so they all live like them.
A few months before he was in the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, had been going to a table training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Port of Tarier Counter, that without knowing our group, I was constrained by the FBI.
When I got to throw my father off, my father helped me hold the rice on the shoulder, and he explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that he shot gave the little orange light on the goal and, for all of us, especially me, all of the goal in flames.
My uncle turned to the other and in Arabic, he said "The Abu Baby."
Of such father, such a son.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a compared pathway with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and gave it to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "massive," which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had been moved by 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendship for me.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near somebody was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always me, the new face of the class was often market victim victim.
I was secreted secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new of the class, quiet and green, was enough mutation.
So most of the time I was spending it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
So for these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- to grow under fantasy, it wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a prison program in which I participated at the Nephili National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a mathematical victim almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different processes.
One day, at the end of the convention I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendship was Jewish was.
It took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all of life had been made to me to believe that it was unfortunate.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer work in Bush, Gardens, a different park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in development of my character.
And all of life had taught me that the homosexual was a sin and, by extension, all of the homesticks were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most critical and less critical ones that I had seen in life.
Having been a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy to treat people love, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me of a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is about being homosexualized, but I know what is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dalla Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my intuitions, and I helped myself see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my pattern figure at a time when I was desperately having it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extinction, wasn't in vanish.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking way to think, and she told me something that I would preserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with intrigues and said, "I'm tired of hate hate."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zagel Europe.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put myself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- than even though I was invited to this violent and exciting ideology -- I didn't get to make myself fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against predictions.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk, against those meaningless acts, as a rejection to the actions of my father.
With this simplicity I get here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a movie that projects in your minds.
It's an amazing multi-touch.
It's in 3D, and it has a sunlight of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a track, taste and texture.
Feel your body, your pain, famine, player.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the way.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you know, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that we do to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie internationally?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
The science, by nature, is objective for nature.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because during almost the entire 20th century, I allowed that vision.
psychology was studying obviously behavior, neuroscience studied the brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all started to change.
So neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pening said, "Now is the moment for science tackling consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flower of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of the science science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas did a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a kind of science science.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the real central mystery of this material, why is all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the employees, like heroins, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical submits are all of these emergent behaviors -- how the employees work, how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolize living organisms. They're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we talk about chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behaviors are accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the supply, the standard paradigm of neuroscience -- actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-consciousness that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are stuck at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of explanations, great. We used to -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit up in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other, we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly -- something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that initially will seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness.
All the idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionistic consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time that I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bright, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything else.
Instead, they are considered fundamental and that's where the world is constructed.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is landed.
In the 19th century, Machoirman found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concepts in terms of presidential fundamental concepts -- so I put the basic laws of electronics, and it puts electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental fundamental ideas, space, time, mass charge, then by a matter of logic, you have to fix the list.
The most natural thing would be possible as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the path for scientifically managing it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- the space, the weather, the mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a region.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can put them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we love.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called passions: "A person for all, "Pilot for mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Kingdo, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a picture can be filled with antibiotics when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow and smell the rows."
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some creative feeling element, subjective -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anyone think that crazy something so crazy?
This is partly from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems ideological, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex information processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscience, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which calls the photo, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of photo, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there's a degree of information integration -- pretty significant, degree of pretty important consciousness.
But when you get to the limits, microbial microbes, particles, the degree of the picture.
The information level of information is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tonyanish theory, there will still be a different level of zero awareness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of photo, high degree of consciousness.
And also, another reason is that photographers can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of the equations come from?
From the particular vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, the consciousness is the one that puts it into the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of addition.
It's right there in the center.
So this vision, I think, the partnership vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some of them can be illegal.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetable.
If you're a paper and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think that I think that well, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samantha in the House movie.
Is it conclusion?
According to the vision of bacterial information, she has a complicated information processing processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get pretty serious ethical problems about the development of the systems of computer computer systems and the ethics of taking them off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collectives, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, at this moment we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to take seriously.
So this partnership vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I actually am safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is the second thing that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low-cost degree of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She didn't really get nothing."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Bush Serious Verman and Danieli Creat."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melandi, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you get your speech?
And I said, "What about the speech?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of data for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?
Usually in the activity room.
And it was then when I realized -- this kid had had experiences with disabled people like inspiration objects.
And we are not. And it's not the blame of the boy, it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And, in fact, I'm in this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to represent them remarkable.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, you have sold us the lie that disability is something bad, a multi-touristic, M.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not something bad and it doesn't make you exciting.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invitation? In effect.
Or this one another, "I have to leave you."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the little girl without hands drawing with a penis supported by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term delivered delighted, because they care about a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we really chose the disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've been missing strangers trying to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is chance.
These images, those images are challenging people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We have a few things.
But the things that we know are not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term disabled people: deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society in which we live in our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to match them in the way that we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration says it as a completely.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, he doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here bombing the inspiration, and you think, "My God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that this is a great idea to use some banana pieces to collect things that are falling down.  Learning the ingenious tricks of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is exciting and cooled us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice of injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude," the reason that that is lying because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a scale of stairs have never done that it becomes a breath.
Never.   So smile to a television screen will not appear to the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and raising a positive attitude to turn all those books into the brown.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but norms.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching Bulgaria the Valley Sam Valley is not considered no deserve for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to lift out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree boy in a Mexico school school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user users.
disability doesn't make us exciting, but question what you think you can know about it is that it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a gallonize without charge?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't be designed.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of Minister Report: and Tom Crever command the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I wear -- the Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many people are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see.
I will allow you to experience what is a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what it is to run through the game of 140 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110-year-old man is chasing us, trying to get us to all his being.
I've been there and I'm sure it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Google is to use under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not the images of NFL practices, because the idea of the Nuclear idea of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But -- we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Zealand: Come on.
It's horrible to be tagging.
A moment. Let's zoom in a little bit.
Prepared prepared?
Go!
Chris Zealand: As you can see, it's a test of what is being beaten in the football field, from the perspective of the tagging.
You have realized that lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington.
Fire Marineral For Camp: "Take 54 machines 15 machines.
Blue eight, blue eight, we're coming."
Chris Claus) This is a little bit more to the sensation to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NSB.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they have asked me on YouTube and Twitter -- you can see from the angle of a field magic.
or about a runner?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Goldie and Google Glass, how do we get out of the filled with the next level of it?
We took it to that level using something called October Richard, which surely many already know.
The Richard Richard has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to play playing: No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peters crossing the line, getting rid of a machine with the arm before we run and make an attack? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Mississician running through the cartoon, throwing the bullet into the bottom of the network? Or Feet doing a car in Window?
What will your experience be when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic school?
Maybe they increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we get increased reality real?
We're going to achieve the augmented reality when the coaches and the manuals and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here is a brief repair on the technology at NPA.
In 1965, Baltern Potters put a wrist to their field puppet to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NBC put radio in the fields of field shellfish and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you are a player coming back to your group and you see their next game shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that they wear poster.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They only go out into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate participants.
If you lose parties you will play you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not only a management of strategies.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the helmet sensors and the accelerators, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know that.
The bad will have about information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who are also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that it's the field magazine.
You get the bullet and you go back.
You look at an open receiver. Suddenly a shop in the left part of your bombsight prevented you that a defense behind you is going to attack you -- normally, you wouldn't see it, but the RSA system was available.
And the protection.
Another flag would prevent you there is an open receiver.
You toss the wheel, but you spill you.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, yet the receptor sees in its bombsight a area of grass that lights and can modify the race.
It's appropriate, it grabs the balloon, it runs and the side.
The public publisher and fans have followed the game from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it only as bread and circus as our usual entertainment entrance?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports legislation.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how the heck is their actions from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to live being person?
How much is it also for a Cambridge Hall or a Neil Death TV trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of raw notes and Karassans?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we face, they depend on us as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service at the High Pacific of California.
Most of those 23 years I was painting the southern end of the South County, including the Goldman Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Streets, I engineer chief of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is no practice or probability."
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into death from that bridge.
Some of them believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, such that the fall from it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down below you clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 100 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bone, some of which performed vital organs.
Most died in the impact.
The ones that don't normally fit in the independent water, and then they have shot.
I don't think that the ones that contain this method of suicide realize the death of death that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people get before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest time, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back into the barrel.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who have suicide suicide, but the officials too.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and veterans are training the new office.
This is Jason Garbard.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the boat near the center.
I said, and when I got there, I looked at Jason talking to a Golding Gate officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice from New Jersey to try to suggest from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- he asked us if we knew the history of the Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zero created Pantheon, and sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pantonia, and she opened the box.
So they came out of plastics, weight and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
He stopped a few instant, he leaned on the right, and he left.
This lovely and smart boy in New Jersey had just taken away the life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
The parents of Jason had asked him.
The hot damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a family member of your family, a friend or someone loved it suicide?
What would you say?
You would know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to listen.
Listening to understanding.
Don't discuss, clothes, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think that somebody is suicide -- you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is: "People in similar circumstances have thought of ending their life -- you've had these thinking thinking?
Convergence the person in front of it can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better. Improvise, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, it isolation, recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost his son the 19 of January of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he is with his permission, and he sells the legislation.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you one note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insected, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving Peter to San Francisco to see the 4994 game party with his father on January 19.
It never got there.
I called Peter police and reported it as a disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and informed me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jumping from the bridge at 1850s in the previous day.
Thank you so much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The GDP, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery certain.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the way his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject suicide on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and I looked at this man, Kevin Berneel, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, it crossed the barrel immediately, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next hour and a half ago, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happiness.
This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What did it make you go back and give your hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me.
You let me talk and just hear you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read it.
"Dear Britains, nothing would erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin follows us.
Simply, I think Kevin was claiminal for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those heroic traits, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
It's just in debt with you, Narrator Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Phone, when I visited the San Francisco Hospital that night, you enjoyed the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Now, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that her story will inspire others.
suicide is not just something I have found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite the end of its own pain, I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most people suicide or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think of hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
Usually this is achieved only in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three days.
In the final store, I looked at it, and he said, "Keving, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Hospital, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge are not substituted.
In addition, those few that have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second one that they left on the sandwich realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connected Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that each and every one of us must be striving to do.
suicide.
There is help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question makes you a question: How do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- I am not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I will tell you later, when I look at this picture, I think, you know, George, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that I'm just beginning.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release them, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my friends even ignore my story.
And I think this engineering is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child when I was born because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why always do you take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to pick up.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that it's a more complex and mysterious fact.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be what I'm bad about, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate to be a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many of them are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist God of compassion.
There is a Hindu god -- the goal of the grandmasters.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mystery.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still in man, I met this woman called Tulu.
It's the director of a transportation of transportation beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you ever participated in beauty constant?
He told me that if he was involved she was going to get rid of the spirit and the stream costs, and that night, he won in bathroom suit, won on the gas suit, and she was a third ending between over 40 conditions.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was of real transition of women, but I can.
I also met the God of the destinations, especially when we traveled to the remote remote proportions of Los Philips.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001 my mom, that had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they learned my supply of the green card that could go to live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a brain of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, I called myself and said, "You know, if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of Thailand rural cities do the most prestigious and sophisticated surgery.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before they change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name of George and "Field of Gember female.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity documents can be able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live in order to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears were monitoring.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many of them are not so lucky.
I think of this woman named Al News monkey.
A young woman in New York who was constantly living his truth, but he was really really really like his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 November, we do a global gun for the Commons Monsage of Transance.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who are fighting and stood up to injustice.
These are Mars P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, explaining it, so that someday there are no longer intelligence in November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Geograph, quick question.
George Rocken: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my bloods.
To my parents, my parents especially, my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the time I have been attending young women training, which I've done, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could not accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just a gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that sensitivity self-interest, and there should be a space that would allow people to get personally, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transition movement is beginning compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very impressive. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who is known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malaya started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were holding in 2011, when he turned out the National Prize of peace, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when you were born a child, your birth is not celebrated.
It's not good, not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes in, gives her condoms to the mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother is absolutely overwhelmed by having a little girl.
When I give light to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he combined it, and with the hope of a son, when he shines his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only does the mother suffer but the daughter -- the daughter newborn -- when it grows, it suffers as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays at home and school admitted to his siblings.
Until the age of 12 years, somehow has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when I turned 13 years old, he was thrown out of his house without a male application.
He's confined to four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he transfers the code of that honor course, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor -- not only affect the life of a boy, also affects the life of male male members of the family.
So this brother, he sacrificed the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor of the honor.
And there's a more rule of patriarchal societies that is called obese.
A good girl must be very cool, very humble and very summarized.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and embrace the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be the pile of development.
If you have a very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it development.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poetry, "The House, they flaveled it, and then give birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he injects the same oil lesson to his daughter and the same honor lesson to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
dear brothers and sisters, when Malaya was born, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newborn ones, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at her eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought in his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaumac from Magai, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Halluck."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years ago, he took her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the addition of a girl in a school?"
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child life.
To be in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An admiration to school means that he has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was the form of counter-to-date counter-to-date, and I was in relative to the family, I couldn't remember the happy of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to come with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malaya.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emotion.
I taught my daughters teaching students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the health call.
We loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all the political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the little little girls and the killed sings.
They were suffering millions, but a few talked about, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and jump when you talk for your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malaya got up and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times, and he talked at every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a platform around the world.
And that was why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the October nine of 2012, they shot into the head.
It was a satisfying day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered her hearing to my wife, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter?
And he immediately said, "Please don't blame you.
You get the fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter inspired in you, and you joined you.
They both were on the right path and God will protect it.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask it again.
When Malaya was in the hospital and he had severe sports and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut out, I used to see a dark shadow that went through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about it.
I used to say, "I'm fine with my smile and the excitement in my face.
I'll be fine. Please don't worry about it.
It was a comfort for us, and we were considered.
dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the hardest moments, and I am pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
You fight with your siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has made Malaya so courageous, expressive and empty?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated in the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Moon group of Google, where I've had a division to my charge -- the Google X visualization divide -- but all the work I'm talking about today here about brain science, I did it before I came to Google or outside of my work there.
Having said that, there's a stigma when you add to a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
If you wouldn't be like this, you can be intelligent?
After the neurologist, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurosurgery.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix memories, and try to get them to keep with life.
More than one time I've been saved by a time.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiments, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map that says it in detail.
I began to test with different mixtures, and I was surprised when I saw how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my study, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case, for a few months, I tried typical doses and chemical chemicals for a men in a window, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always fun, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and   of course, many times in the past, I have met several types like this, or maybe some aware versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my big surprise was that I was not trying to be argument.
In fact, I was trying to get a little bit insecure.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses changed.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurosurgers and so forth, it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thought, my ideas of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in pictures, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to do it, and try and get new ideas and reconsistence situation.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Human, Descartes and Hollows look at things like that.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are those who make this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. To me is simple: for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have lots of great mental media, really viruses, well sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how I'm going to take these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a film director was able to use its imagination only to steer the world that has the front of the world?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments that are done by two different groups of neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Geoffrey Gangs and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right is created by the content of the central column on the left on the left -- you see that the difference is almost natural.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost natural.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is the Jack Galley lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recognizing visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were hiding their brains to create a huge deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scanning I decided to show what seemed like the person was looking at.
On the right, you can see the development of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This blew us down.
We're well close to achieve it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, it creates in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the largest resolution brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer for that.
Many of you are proposing new techniques of projection for images, even me -- counting with the recent result of the MRI -- first we have to ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the road.
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but to this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase by thousands of how we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets -- let's make better magnets better.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in MRI was to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in resolution of clever and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding and decline and radio records and frequency receptors in MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structural magnetic patterns.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the 99/1 radio processing patterns, we can increase the information that you can extract in one scanner.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the fluid of blood blood, but the of the hormones and neutrons that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to flip our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could move over the language and communicate directly by thinking about?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, it will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
Their weapon may be telling some person for the first time that I love it or tell someone who is pregnant or tell someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you've gone through in life.
All army is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously. The experience of having lived in and out of that weapon is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South Side of Captain, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the liberal military intelligence of the Libyam military -- not to break my armpits -- I quote the letters of Henry Di France as a letter.
And I will be aware that because of the helicopter of my short screen, and I was affecting my head so recently, I would ask myself a little child, "Hey, are you a boy or girl?"
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would look at my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a radio left.
The father would break up the newspaper and mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it was boiling around.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to go back into the female issues on the table.  I had the quote by Betty French.
The quote of Gloria Steven.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
And so I was breathing up and I went down the look and I was looking at a four year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at me what is not a challenge for a feminist dog, just a girl with a question: "Are you a boy or girl?"
So I was breathing back again, and I stood up close to it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a little bit of a trust.
I have a short hair like a boy, and I see a boy clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as well as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable light.
Well, I am more than the kind of girl of a comfort light."
And that girl looked at me simply, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pill is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a pantheology, please?
And that was all -- just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pants I had asked?
It was the easiest difficult conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the bank and I, both we were honest with the other.
As many of us, I've lived in some guns in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels like living in a brand.
That's how my weapon is not different from your own or your brain.
You know, I will give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of your closet, but this is the thing: The difficult thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has been declared in a broken bank is harder than telling me that it's been deception?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five-year-old son to divide you?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop changing what it's difficult to do about what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse, in relation to our weapons, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in brands, and you can make it feel security, or at least more security than what the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are, a weapon is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old boy that would go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled in a corner of my dark weapon by buying my fat gay gay, and I will move only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to tell you, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable laughs was in the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many people among guests knew that it was gay, and by making my honor laboratory laboratory, in my black dress and catches, walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were in my parents, people who knew me made years ago.
And after I talk about a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Land."
And the gay story battle had begun.
"Hay, did you ever be in the Cashwat?"
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"Hey, do you know my Athletopre statistically."
It's very good and never talked about having a boyfriend."
"Ah, what's your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program? Will and Grace and Grace program?
And you know who loves us? Jack who?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, who was uncomfortable, but in waiting to show desperately his support, to make me know I was on my side, finally said shouting, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shares."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all of the laughs of great.
Sure, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt mentally.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were forced.
And what else can you ask someone, but do you end up?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how the hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the Pants of Pants Girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it means coming out of any weapon is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the arms. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be generous, the other ones have to know that we are also suffering.
Number two: Be direct. Just take it out. Just take your patterns.
If you know you're gay, you will.
If they say to their parents who might be gay, they would keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can come out with safe wounds -- that's why they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not their own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark dark damage by getting a grand, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but you're not.
Thank you, Boulder. Enjoy the vegetable.
Intention, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edito scanned that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a sub can swim.
When Ed Dictories wrote this, he did it as a criticism to the pioneers of computer like Alan Turing all the way as Alan Turing criticism.
And so, some years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, you don't know about the biology of the Earth or neuroscience of the Earth or intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept on Earth intelligence, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain moment in time, asteroids that demand the surface of a planet just stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that I believe, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together together, I asked, for a number of years, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different things?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent of an Y = me for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or maintain the open choices, with a form of TED, with the diversity of possible future people, yes, until a future time in the future.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep open options.
And so, considering this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Is the level of human intelligence.
predicts artificial intelligence predicts artificially?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more destination, or entrepreneurs: during their life should be tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that terrible cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually comes directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is in the inside.
Surprisingly, Entertain could pass multiple animals of animal intelligence, play human games, and even earn money by trading action, all of them without being asked to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Like a foot human without falling here, here we see English balancing automatically by a corner using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Europe a goal.
It just decided by his own balance to balance the position.
This skill of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tool use will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate pulling away from a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that English can perform a model version of that task.
This cooperation capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entropy is widely applicable to a variety of dominations.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illuminating its potential for play.
So here we see English organized new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps successful network success.
This same network orchestra capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see English organizing the routes of a ship flower, discovering with success and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Entertain is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discover and execute a strength strategy -- verbal in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its exposure exponentially.
This skill management skill will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Birlikers: What you've seen is that a variety of brand human behaviors of smart cognitive human behaviors such as tools use -- exhibition and social cooperation -- all of them are derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We went back at the beginning of the robot of the robot, the IRED work -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion robot.
The machines will be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then megadatic and try to support the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all of the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually emerge from taking control, rather than the research.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, "How is it to look for targets from this kind of shore?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the condition of stars and losing the planet that we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go through them and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance between them and their stem star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, rocks like our solar planets in our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this prosperity of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the highest recorded region.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from thousands now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on the global scale have rapidly followed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, nor an astronaut.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I seek alien opportunities in the innovative sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more Earth-like planets on Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better."
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like "The Curious Reach its surface in pursuit of clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Malaysia mission, take samples of the atmosphere -- and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still for coloning, really expressive places compared to Mars.
Even in the largest and more elevated places on the Earth, the air is fresh and replicator of oxygen explained by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planet planets with a big and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this invisible planet of the only planet we know is truly livable the Earth.
And so I really like the computer exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining the Titanic captain will tell us that the party really will have place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But targets for international exploration and terrestrial preservation are not contradictive.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal to understand, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like alien panels.
They're only closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and inherent areas of the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Fermin paradox.
A lot of years ago, the Enrico physicist Female presented a question: considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life to now.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to Feman paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced to consider to keep living between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to join the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were well closed.
I thought I would call a closed, at least I had my cell phone, but in the midnight, a close could take a long time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was talking about my passport and my ball.
It would be expensive, but I certainly don't know more expensive than a closed media zero night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, I went out well.
I'm a profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Cold releases that increases heart rate, modulate levels of adrenaline and the thinking of thinking.
And when I got to the factor show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I began to ask myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in place that would prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, which minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts were not crushed.
I was focusing with my colleague Danny Kamen, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed to him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a prospective reactor.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years before, known as the prime.
They all know what poster is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the program, as Daniel explains you, you look forward and try to figure out all of the things that could come wrong, and then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things that happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you is some things that we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are evidence, others aren't so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
And in the house, I will design a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called spiritual, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is -- where the fish are, which drives the fruit trees, where the tribes are friends and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is added in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the guards to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the optimistic sense of the squirrel and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose careers of the car, readers of reading and passwords.
So at home they design a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For your reader glasses, a particular metal.
If you take a place and you're spectacular with it, you will always be there when you look for them.
What about the trips?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit card, driver's license, password it, send it to themselves so they are in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases correct.
The corticip is toxic and extends the thought.
So part of the primate practice is recognizing that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and we have to put systems on its site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved one, to help us with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is going on as a protocol for all making medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from that a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high."
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks.
So you are thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to take a drug that will help you reduce the collapse, a statistic."
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today. It's probably likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, remember the statistic."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before it helps a person.
And you should think about what kind of strategic statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not require me if it wasn't to help me.
But, actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the heart of the doctor, and if it's a blame of somebody, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the estimates of Klimatr that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number need to treat the most widely received statistic what you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is at the research of cynical researchers Jerry Group and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Block.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of you will go down my collapse.
Why not? Doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "Tell me of the secondary effects. Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- dense muscle pain and artificial pain -- but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to go through me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress doesn't think of clearly.
So think about how they would make it all over time, so they don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get reduced by the drug than help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the statistics.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, is part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needed to treat is quite typical.
For the more of the surgery that is done in the older men than 50 percent of the prostate per cancer, the number necessary number is 49.
This is what it is, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped to.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the potential or direction of erasy, urinary inconvenience, red ingredient, fecal inconvenience.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the prize is to think before the questions that you can plant to push the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases correctly under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems are switched on.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator. It's not necessary to the digestive system, or the light or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast. They could be the lunch of lions so that none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during these moments of stress is the rational logic thought, like Danny Kamin and his colleagues have shown it.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think what's important here is recognizing that we are all defective.
We're all going to fail from time in time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage, or to prevent bad things happening in the first place.
Registering at night in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key door of entry in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have not ordered and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pination, "Phila" is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing sure.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a string in the score, you need to play more sure.
Two steel, even harder.
Four skin, extremely soft superstar.
This is my drawing of a street tree there, and you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of skin can have, never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the Ella, besides a little bit of my own history.
The French sign language came over the 1800s -- and over the course of time, it mixed up with local signs, and it developed the language that today we know like Ella.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they are really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, is like I live in a foreign country, following their rules, compassion, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my highways and amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't handle the door."
"You don't do a lot of noise when you eat the football potato bag.
"Don't grow, and when you're eating it, you make sure not to throw the covers on the plate."
All of this is called sound link.
Maybe I think about sound label more than the average person does it.
I'm superinary of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding it.
TB, for continuing to continue.
TB: There's going to be adopted.
You can see that the park doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle strengths and sheep.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the space for "pencil" in the Ella.
A typical pandemic has five lines.
However, to me, to make it with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, he had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audience.
Now sound has entered my art territory now.
Is it going to distance more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it a technical way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything I had taught myself in sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt the sound was oblivious -- it was something of a hidden person.
And sound is so powerful that it could well be delivered to me and my artistic job, or I could empower it.
I chose it to empower.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me equal and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant to the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of Ella.
And its voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I don't continue to continue with this practice, I feel that I could be delivered in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Ella.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express on the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Ella.
The two are very space and highly modulate that means subtle changes can affect all of the meaning both of the signals and the sounds.
I would like to share a piece of the piano -- so that they understand better how the sunlight works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Ella is divided into many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so while you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you would only put a keyboard at the same time.
However, the Ella is more like a package, you need the 10 fingers in a simulated way to express a clear concept or the idea in Ella.
If only a keyboard would change the come down, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and incident and volume.
In Ella, by using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is the short thing.
This is the signal for that."
I'm watching you.
Let me look at it.
Oh, they caught me.
You hear it.
What are you looking for?
Ah, short."
So I started thinking, and if I see the Ella through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the data sign -- the sun comes out and it puts.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel the same thing can tell you the same night."
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights, "Hey, "Danny "Nice:  All night.
I feel that the third one has more music than the other two.
This represents how time in Ella is expressed and how the body distance can express changes in time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two heroes, is two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then laugh, "The Last And the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "Once "Once "Once was.
"Community time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times a company.
However, when I see the word "more common time, I think automatically at the same time.
Look at M.D. right hand right, MIT, left hand.
We have the stick through the head and the chest.
(Audience: MMA, Garden Garden -- "In the chest, E. "Green salt, I'm going to show you a shape of my hand called "Francisco Garden."
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands at the top.
Now we're going to do it so much on the head as the chest, something like common time or at the same time.
Yeah, very good.
That means "Indian in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I would like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "political in the Ella.
Now, the third one. Please get me back again.
And again.
It's "local in the Ella.
We're going to do the three together.
"You get "mouse and "policy and "local."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they convey very different meaning.
It's incredible to see how the Ella is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very cultural world.
And only because the Ella has no sounds, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the sunlight to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn Ellahavetas.
The Ella is a rich test and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denis Kahula: Hey, that's me.
My parents were telling me, "You can install everything, but then you have to clean it."
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence, or an ignorance bubble -- I have to say, because adults lie us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I learned that adults also instruct and that they're not very good at cleaning the others.
Time country, now I'm an adult and a citizen teaching and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk through the beach tropical with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a scary thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, collecting those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a seat.
We started building this work of alternative work with autonomous height for the very low kids to participate.
And I'm going to tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools feel great, safe tools.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its sentence.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting plastic pieces, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited so much with robots.
Then we quickly create what we call "a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform lines and web cameras, and we assemble it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces slowly floating through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an estimate on the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "the Interviews," with the hope that somebody else else is even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and pink, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, you see the Internet, and they hit this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, only using hands, in Southern, the largest mangrove in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink -- it's the water where you bathe it, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and oil are also brown color, and when everything is mixed up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called symmetry, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can student through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I can investigate a problem at distance -- I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukusis, a nuclear center near water.
And today, according to reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has malaria pollution cards for 173.
If we go to the West Coast, we can measure Foururo radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it is safe for me, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Flickr every year from the accident and independently researching with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we don't take them, parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the intimate, etc.
And to do this, we created an ordinary map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elephant map, we introduced penishanes to represent data in real time of radiation, and we broke water to simulate the rain.
So with this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the redening system and declared in the ocean.
It was a shock estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear center to date.
We got closer to 1.5 miles of nuclear center, and with the help of the fishermen of the area we were collecting the sediments of the sea milk with a sense of sediment as we invented and built.
So here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a very small part, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turn it into the biggest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal chemistry, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children in children can actually become reality of adult aid, and where adults can be kids again.
Students, acceleration: Apple."
Certain Harvard -- we ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy that we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So citizens, scientific citizens, shelters, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin films, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk single.
One is synthetic -- the other organic.
One imposes about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Miguel Angele said that when he looked at the marble in the brother, he saw a figure that he struggle for being free.
The film was a single Mountain Latin tool.
But living beings are not concentrated.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we have all of the information that was required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by factories of manufacturing and mass production.
Mountain lines have dictated a world made of parts and contracting the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as expressions of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find any embarrassing materials in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with displayed pore.
The skin legs are more thick.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, there are no starts.
It's a system that is gradually worth its functionality by variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the middle and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and right, analysis and sensitives, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, is trying to bring these two visions in the world, moving from assembly and moving into growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why couldn't it be possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools across scale, large-scale structures, like this robotic arm, with a hell of 24 meters of diameter with a vegetable basis that some day not very distant to print entire buildings -- and graphs to nano-and-a-half genetically modified microbes that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the cell, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every open opening is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a sandwich. This was for a Paris fashion deficit with Iraq van Year. It's like a second skin made from one piece, raised in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and 3D father without costs between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid and soft materials in the 20 microscope resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analogy and synthetic instruments, allow us to design products that are adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair in the structural time, comfortable.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator Carter, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes subtitation.
We print this superconductor of 44 different properties, which vary in religion, opportunity and color, by applying to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, will vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly but around continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't believe myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible stories, and one of them was left to me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she is talking, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a free fruit tree.
For that first frugal tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow up trees with branches and cortex, tables and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of fruit of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called the coming, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, electrons and butterflies and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and males.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-polar structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marity.  We asked a lot of cardiac cardiovascue, and we fly them and we produced rainforest passenger.
Back to chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a wide range of property, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures at large scale, it was built a system with multiple basement bombs of robotic extraction.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material only three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form in contact with air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic design?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photographers that appeared for the first time on planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of looking at mesh -- and if you zoom even more, to windows.
A free fruit tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of cardiovascular cardiovasculas in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part: for objects designed to biology, put them on the sea, will feed marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control its flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own elements of elements: new forms of life created computerized computers, made by additional form and increased by biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid algain, only instead of using precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbes.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbes.
The first is the photographer.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater stores.
And the second, E. colonized, the bacteria that has been in the human intestine.
One convert light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help they flow these bacteria and to alter their path function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by changing the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more pictures, we designed more transparent channels.
This portional digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, is 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine interview.
And here it is, as a primate at TED, our first profitable photographer, channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shakespeare said, "We are creatures past fashion -- only half is made.
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase the living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would they repair the damaged tissue and they held our bodies.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature does not do this.
It grows up. Adam with sophistication.
This counter of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside of that metaphorically.
Now non-still manufacturing is about this level of sophistication here.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentration.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers to each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hall a composition colony.
tension and competition, the two forces of life, manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we pasted a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the helicopter.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions, and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that it would be a flat call and still metrocology salvaged.
So we started designing different environments, different adventures, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition -- the structure of the drive, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often hold silk worms to death within their calls, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants could shape the raw silk without boiling a single captive.
They were self-disciplined, and we could create these things.
So let's scan this process to architectural scale.
We had a hydrophone robot doing silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated towards more dark and cold areas so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or abundance, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get the rabbits.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were ready to hall with us.
We put them carefully at the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they were willing, they were applying, they were approaching, they put eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
The human silk, biological silk about the robotic silk, give all this password its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 5,000 silk worms are three thousand miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The poles, after the elephant, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra passengers in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk hall through a robotic arm, the other empty flying.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, the designers have to bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new design age, a new era of creation, that led to a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever wondered "What you want to be larger?
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be larger?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be larger?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and materials and art and developed websites, and also, I played the guitar in a website called Telescope Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boredom, this feeling of this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I got interested in another thing, something completely different, and I was left on it, and I let myself absorb and feel "Yes! I've found the member: and then again this point where I start to get bored again.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because it wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose a thing, to deny all my other passions, and I would get back to me.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad in me for not to define it.
I was worried to have fear of engagement, or being dispersed, or studying or my own success.
If you can relate to my story, and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have done so on.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We're wondering, "What do you want to be larger?
We have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you answer at that age.
You consider a naive question to make nice answers in kids like, "Be astronomy: or being dancerse? or "I want to be paralyze."
They insert the distribution of Halland here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, and he went on, he went on, to high school students, to ask them they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be like being?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes us.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream about what they might be, it didn't inspire dream of everything they could be.
In fact, just the opposite of it, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you are interested in a lot of different things, and you say, "Oh, what a nice, but you can't be an artist of violent and psychology.
You've got to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Children -- and he is artists of rape and psychologist.
And this Amy Nike, a magazine editor turned into in in in in intelligence, entrepreneur and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused on our culture.
It's this idea of destiny, or the real voice, the idea that each of us has something that you will spend for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who is not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that he wants to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And you'll feel that there's something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multimedia.
A crowd is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bomb for that.
I could help if it was divided in three parts -- multiple and potential.
You can also use other terms that face the same idea, as a group, renewable.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shery refers to us as "chemicals."
They use any term that you like or invented one itself.
It seems like a kind of adaptation to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or a substitution that you have to win.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it will be this way.
Here are three multi-touch supercomputers.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
The Haiti and Rachel Bing and Rachel Bing expressed their shared interests in cartoon, data visualization -- travel, math and design, when I founded Meso.
Meso is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
She and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his economic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And the multi-to-peer, with all their antennas, can access a lot of these international points.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in us, we go to it.
We looked at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being principles, because it has been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely start from zero.
North Dune is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a prison child, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanical mechanism.
Before we become a writer, Norway was a financial planner.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started their practice, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors for editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate to what you attract to you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability. That is, the ability to transform anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abed Catholic is sometimes director of videos, other people -- web designer designers, sometimes constrained by Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond sometimes.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
It's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles depending on the needs of its clients.
The magazine failed compassion as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that these are the individuals and organizations that can fit to satisfy the needs of the market, which really thrive.
So ideas of ideas, quick learning and adaptation: three skills where the multinational people are very high, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the multinational to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need not conventional creative thinkers.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed from a specialist and a multi-touch multimatic.
specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the crowd offers an apple of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that shine with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, multi-touch multiple people are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said that, if there is one thing you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: reconsistency with the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then especially for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, reconsistency with their many passions ...
They follow their curiosity for those red magazines.
They explore intersections.
embracing our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multi-touch, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1901, a woman named Australia took her to a psychological photographer.
He was delivered and he couldn't remember the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Alan didn't know how to help Australia, but he was flying for her until unfortunately it passed in 1909.
After his death, Alice made a battery and found strange plates and blood plates in the Brain brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Alex had been alive today, we couldn't give her more aid than Alice gave him 141 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Alan Alzheimer's.
And Australia Detentine, the first patient to get a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1901, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections -- many treatments for cancer, anti-government antiretroviral treatments for HIV, and so much more.
But it has been programmed in the Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million which, by the way, will include many of you.
If you wait to live until 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is probability that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent on Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its costs prefer a five times in 2050, as they aging the generation of the bomb bomb.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent it, cure or even assess its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's disease, despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, the Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 112 years, all of us, even scientists, confirm Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only looking at a picture of a healthy aging brain with a Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to taking a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significant life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird videos in the Australia brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are smarter.
And when you fold it, these sticky dots end up on the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick in each other, forming groups that can form big plates and blocks.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identity of what happens to block is complex, like declining a bomb.
To cut a cable could do nothing.
To cut, they can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that you block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, CEOs, physicists, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that are specifically blocking this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms of worms in worms of worm.
These are the healthy worms and you can see they're moving with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are passed into each other as in humans with Alzheimer's humans.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's up, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to convince ourselves that Alzheimer's is a disease and if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have been more research and exercise on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and legislators industry.
That was essential to advancing HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care of their loved ones and night, are often too upset to go out and advocate for change.
So, really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Austral, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help me talk for them, and help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I test it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers tend to get 36 questions more and more personal and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And just alone?
As it comes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: I really like -- Tell your partner what thank you or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone who you've ever met.
When I hit this study a few years ago, a detail really called me attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in love and --  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's agreement, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together?
And the reason I think you think of this is because I've been asking this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just about what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times will probably achieve a few thousand views.
And that made a good burden of attention in relatively new relationship.
But as it was done, I had no idea.
The article ran online a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday had been called the Tom Show and the Google Morgan America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with science on the other loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they were always asking the same question: still still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email with the phrase, "Did you follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were of students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and they asked it.
I said, I gave a talk, and a woman raised up to the stage, "Hey Mandela, where is your bone?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable wondering about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the research of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have made life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both made a public emergence together.
I remember television interviews, and the photos of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the inadequate icon of the love process, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute quality.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether I was able to produce permanent love, not just an adventure, but real love, lovely love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially that people were asking the wrong question.
How do you know if you will follow together or not, and then tell you?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I sought to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called sustained personal openness, progress and recovery.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer to doing it, and several studies later used the French Prostate protocol of Aron as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between members of the police and the community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideological devices.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me with the trade, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be disconnected by it.
And I said, "You want to say you fall in love with the person who you did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
I said, but they became better friends?
Do you feel that you were able to get better enough after testing the study.
The athletic.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled on the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which I knew practically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or he could live without him.
So I got stuck in science.
I looked at everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that to be able to sort of break my heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just was researching for the book I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was amazed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and I used to feel like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see myself, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I reasonably can demand to me.
What I'm looking for about love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if they were still together.
The story that the media said about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that asks, still together?
And his content with an answer of whether or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How are we going to stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distribute?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of my relationship, it is this -- a year ago, a knowledge and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it is not the same as staying in love.
Early is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we took the choice to be.
And I was scared by a little bit by reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that that choice was.
I don't consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how much times it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and love and fun, and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really believe in.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe my life is looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the final happy end in the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't actually write about.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose somebody and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some legal lesbian lesbians and in a way, I got like a forest of the forest.
It's something that really affected me, but more details ahead.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and buried a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanities or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you, because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of excitement and do surfing and all those weird things, and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I added all the pages and I made a kind of classic cell cells, Angeles Martin the Martin strand and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resident in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to be an increased size of size, as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying light.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, steamboards, strange bottles that I was finding out of the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow strokes like that, draw the same way around a court in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own technological species.
First, booms, you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the waste layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Silico.
It was cool, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, sculpture sculptures of natural size with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work collected with something very big, I call the traffic."
To the traffic the traffic inspired me in the Garden of Delicious Designs of Hisanga Boston who is a painting in the Museum of Prayer in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the traffic." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5,000 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the landscapes.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where creatures with animals of animals are headed to the farm, ready to suicide in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god attached to a packed.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horse -- the Holocaust platform of the detail -- Walland, the Osama Bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of marketing.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it hits oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of the other hand.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's one aspect of the traffic."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I scale.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a breast, like a bird of bird, and you spit clouds from this trap.
It also has a hair of a half feet long a store that binds the traffic."
Anyway, his tail would be able to fire by having a volume.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Her tail ends up in a child of collapse made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
All over time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, you're called "perfections?"
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is a archive of our culture, through media and material are engineering, dictionaries or magazine.
But each act as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide themselves.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each is basically a microscope portrait that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped in its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest, you can enter the entrance inside.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and you cover your penis or you continue it, or whatever you have, a kind of anonymity thing.
It's a quick repair of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers you can see.
This is a body game for half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue of it.
There's a little forest scene within the typical city.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Penerold World.
Inside this box there is a physicist, a neuroscience, a painting, a music, a music, a radio, a radio, a school, a school, an editorial arm that shapes all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We look at the box and all the people in inside of each other.
And I think that's how to change the world.
When you redefine who you are and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we all are together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of the countries, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very facts of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and all of a sudden, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you roll your head?
They take a spirit.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first passes through stomach, intellects and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and information system so that any of the drugs will be effective in the body.
The description, though, is that when you plot it any drug is displaced.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CDP cell.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative. Because in time they take to get to the blood stream, they display, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is innovative and it doesn't easily go into the blood corner of the patients that are subjected to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the interaction of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the treatment of HIV with the current drugs that is a life treatment of life that is reduced by the ordinary.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Can we make the treatment directly to the spread of the virus, without the risk of drug digital?
As a scientific expert expert, the answer was in front of me, the laser, of course.
If you use in optimistic, for the care of wounds and surgery surgery, you can use it for anything you can imagine, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
You best ask, "How is that possible?
We send a small and powerful laser laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscope.
Before you even realize it, the hole is immediately repeatedly.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an ingredient on the infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is led to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
Over the last decade, I've studied armed graduate groups -- artificial organizations like terrorists.
I document what these groups do when they're not disappearing.
My goal is to understand the best of these genes of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a distinguish between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between the states and the active actors.
For example, from the 212 signed peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 16 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we should even engage them or defeat them in any resolution process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the police policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Hello Liberia, known by his violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Health has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestine, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza France since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting out.
They're multiply.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels -- Internet sites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have IBM magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
And armed groups are also investing in a complex record of no safety, but by relative businesses -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put together professional training programs or microscope.
Hello offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state is not bringing, security and protection.
The rise of Taliban in an Archivism destroyed by the war or even the beginning of the IKEA promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of Palestinian Hamas cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid together.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are these organizations, but we can actually categorize them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Health?
They dominate part of a territory -- they give up all their functions, they pick up the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines drive.
We live in a world of states, of no state and hybrid and the more weak the states, as in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap the non-state actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that governance gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consider peace.
If we get better to the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolence to nonviolence to nonviolent violence.
In this new disaster between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that safety vacuum to fill that governance vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a woman as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are versus, but I fear that accepting the teenager tag would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I am altered as a bad feminist for it.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feminist and then in interviews, people started calling me the Malaris Maless.
So what started as a personal joke dedicated to myself and a deliberate proposition, has become a bigger thing.
Let me take a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminists, these furry women, angry with men and hate sex -- as if that was bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people as I could be a feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an access, a taboo and disaster word.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which begs too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud of it.
For me, some claims are remarkable: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of harassment.
We have right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without the need of legislative control or ecological doctrines or engineering doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to realize our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to realize these differences and how they affect us, in the same way it matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are obvious, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradiction.
There are a lot of things that make a bad feminist from me.
I have another conference.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music passed all over volume.
Although the letter degraded women and offends me deeply, the classic "Sample Shakespeare of The Win Tainaway is incredible.
"Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Perhape, give you, move until you hurt your coastal."
Think about it.
Post poetry, right?
I'm completely mortal for my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the burden of garbage and the care of the shock and the manipulation of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bactica and the romantic comedy -- and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy stories that make it real.
Some of my children are more destroyed.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused in ways that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose choice.
Let's solve this problem.
Reach the conventional feminist that has ignored or disasterized historically the needs of color women, workers and homosexuals and transgendered by white women, heartbeat, middle-class women.
Listen, if that's good feminist -- I'm a very bad feminist family.
The following thing is this: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put females in a department.
We hope that they react to perfection.
When we are discovered, we take them with a lot of love from the same depth where we put them.
As I said, I am a disaster, I think I am straight from that performance before you try to get me there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and sector leaders, are afraid to be labeled as females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means, for fear of not being able to fulfill with a little realistic expectation.
Take Beethoven or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the Muslim Muslim videos in 2014, at MIT, I acted in front of the word "feedback of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, seeing this star of the pop embracing the feminist and making women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
It spent time past time, cultural critics began to debate whether Beet was or not just feminist.
They were rating their feminist instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfect feedback, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so ridiculously a lot.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman -- it will take it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of view.
But what happens next?
We moved from recognizing our imperfections. We have to go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I listen to degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demand the change affecting their gain.
It certainly is hard.
Why does her music have to be so passed?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are supposed to be more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls -- decide and brilliant, and also very brave.
They're being appreciated by strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is selling as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as a sports -- it looks at the Town of Treens.
We can change the radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners like boomerary shoots.
In any case, men, especially white men, headlines can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, or work on your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include an enough number of women, so much to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are underlying but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves until more like we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision points.
Since we're not more penguins, without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of value and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the direct power and producers of film and music, CEOs, legislation, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also claim our feminism, well, bad.
The last line of my book "The Media Femalestic book, says, "I'd like to be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and friendly and helped me to find it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
A few kids hurt me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after everything I don't think I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understand what meant to live in this world if you have the skin shoulder.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if I was a little bit courageous -- another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I have the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when more you need such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 12 children in California, they had speed for Disney or being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Reign.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an intelligent immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the policy about autism and declined vaccines, declined and marked by being a fraud defined by the British Medical Jordan?
Doesn't it believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a studying?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the emotions of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about it creates develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, numbers began to shoot down.
fundraising organizations like Autism Spaces really refer to autism as an epidemic as if it could be contained from another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If it's not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Desert Disease Center what is going on, they tend to be based on phrases as embedded diagnostic crimes and a better detection of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't tell a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to blow up, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before 1990?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than to do with slow progress and scientific progress than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychology, Leo Kansa, from Johns Hopkins Hospital in 2013, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to be able to take private worlds, by having people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands in their faces, but they were prey from the panic for mentality as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a main authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome as it collects reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprisingly, because the Kansas criteria for autism diagnosis were very restaurant.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions. But now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he was realized that he had turned nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to her consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certain.
It classified autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and shot parents.
These kids, he said, they've been carefully maintained in a refrigerator.
At the same time, Kane noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are hitting certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they were two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records and he would properly say, "Beep Beethoven."
But Kannie had a bad opinion of these skills by adding things like kids were just recording what they had heard of their parents depressed, desperate for winning their application.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the Kansa theory that autism was weird.
Lord Winner, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the New Jersey mothers was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susian without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Lord and his colleague, Judith Gollot decided to do something that was supposed to have done 30 years before.
They did a study of prevalence in the general population.
They painted a suburbs from London called Cellar to try to find kids in the community.
What you saw was that the Kannican model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were focused on their fascination for artificial artist, in dinosaurs or in the genetics of the reality.
In the other way, these kids didn't fit in nice squares and sidewalked squares as Judit, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kannican model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been left from these children before?
But Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to Kanzi article, and then he forgot at the bottom of the centers of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided really hard to mention him in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asphal, who runs an integrated clinic with an integrated school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching children were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music kinds of exercise, and kids followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Apple described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces in the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called their little teachers, and he was dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
Eventually, Asperger's seen autism as a kind of diverse continuum that had an amazing variety of donations and disabilities.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been -- seeing aspects of this continuum in architectural architects as the awkward social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith found that Kanzi was wrong that autism was influenced, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autism spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into video, replacing the limited Kanzi model of Kenya by wide and even Apple.
These changes don't fall in broken steel.
Clearly, when Lord and Judith worked between business to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out of "Ray Man in 1988, just a little circle, wasted by experts knew what autism, but after the inevitable act of Dust Hyperacter as Ramine Babbage and the recognition of "Rando Man and the recognition of the Academy, perspectives, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Random Man changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these evidence created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostic began to get up, just like they predicted Lord and Judit, in fact they hoped that it was, getting people with autism, and their families finally got the support and services that they deserve.
So Andrew Walling came to blame vaccines for increased diagnostics. A simple, powerful, and seductive story that was as bad as the Kansa theory that autism was influenced.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in every 68 children in America are in the spectrum -- it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have been joined on the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzles are for solving the new medical advances, by taking the term neuroscience to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily different, obviously social, and suffering from an attention deficit to detail.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching on Apple, who believes that the curator for the most exciting aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zoo Jakes once said, "We need all the hands in covered to engage the back of humanity."
As we navigate into an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to leave a brain.
Thank you.
